ADDER
Add"er, n. Etym: [See Add.]

Defn: One who, or that which, adds; esp., a machine for adding
numbers.
ADDER

=====
Ad"der, n. Etym: [OE. addere, naddere, eddre, AS. nædre, adder,
snake; akin to OS. nadra, OHG. natra, natara, Ger. natter, Goth.
nadrs, Icel. nathr, masc., nathra, fem.: cf. W. neidr, Gorn. naddyr,
Ir. nathair, L. natrix, water snake. An adder is for a nadder.]

1. A serpent. [Obs.] "The eddre seide to the woman." Wyclif. Gen.
iii. 4. )

2. (Zoöl.)
(a) A small venomous serpent of the genus Vipera. The common European
adder is the Vipera (or Pelias) berus. The puff adders of Africa are
species of Clotho.
(b) In America, the term is commonly applied to several harmless
snakes, as the milk adder, puffing adder, etc.
(c) Same as Sea Adder.

Note: In the sculptures the appellation is given to several venomous
serpents, -- sometimes to the horned viper (Cerastles).

=====
Add"er, n. Etym: [See Add.]

Defn: One who, or that which, adds; esp., a machine for adding
numbers.

=====
Ad"der, n. Etym: [OE. addere, naddere, eddre, AS. nædre, adder,
snake; akin to OS. nadra, OHG. natra, natara, Ger. natter, Goth.
nadrs, Icel. nathr, masc., nathra, fem.: cf. W. neidr, Gorn. naddyr,
Ir. nathair, L. natrix, water snake. An adder is for a nadder.]

1. A serpent. [Obs.] "The eddre seide to the woman." Wyclif. Gen.
iii. 4. )

2. (Zoöl.)
(a) A small venomous serpent of the genus Vipera. The common European
adder is the Vipera (or Pelias) berus. The puff adders of Africa are
species of Clotho.
(b) In America, the term is commonly applied to several harmless
snakes, as the milk adder, puffing adder, etc.
(c) Same as Sea Adder.

Note: In the sculptures the appellation is given to several venomous
serpents, -- sometimes to the horned viper (Cerastles).
