AFFIRM
Af*firm", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Affirmed; p. pr. & vb. n. Affirming.]
Etym: [OE. affermen, OF. afermer, F. affirmer, affermir, fr. L.
affirmare; ad + firmare to make firm, firmus firm. See Firm.]

1. To make firm; to confirm, or ratify; esp. (Law),

Defn: to assert or confirm, as a judgment, decree, or order, brought
before an appelate court for review.

2. To assert positively; to tell with confidence; to aver; to
maintain as true; -- opposed to deny.
Jesus, . . . whom Paul affirmed to be alive. Acts xxv. 19.

3. (Law)

Defn: To declare, as a fact, solemnly, under judicial sanction. See
Affirmation, 4.

Syn.
 -- To assert; aver; declare; asseverate; assure; pronounce; protest;
avouch; confirm; establish; ratify.
 -- To Affirm, Asseverate, Aver, Protest. We affirm when we declare a
thing as a fact or a proposition. We asseverate it in a peculiarly
earnest manner, or with increased positiveness as what can not be
disputed. We aver it, or formally declare it to be true, when we have
positive knowledge of it. We protest in a more public manner and with
the energy of perfect sincerity. People asseverate in order to
produce a conviction of their veracity; they aver when they are
peculiarly desirous to be believed; they protest when they wish to
free themselves from imputations, or to produce a conviction of their
innocence.
AFFIRM

=====
Af*firm", v. i.

1. To declare or assert positively.
Not that I so affirm, though so it seem To thee, who hast thy
dwelling here on earth. Milton.

2. (Law)

Defn: To make a solemn declaration, before an authorized magistrate
or tribunal, under the penalties of perjury; to testify by
affirmation.

=====
Af*firm", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Affirmed; p. pr. & vb. n. Affirming.]
Etym: [OE. affermen, OF. afermer, F. affirmer, affermir, fr. L.
affirmare; ad + firmare to make firm, firmus firm. See Firm.]

1. To make firm; to confirm, or ratify; esp. (Law),

Defn: to assert or confirm, as a judgment, decree, or order, brought
before an appelate court for review.

2. To assert positively; to tell with confidence; to aver; to
maintain as true; -- opposed to deny.
Jesus, . . . whom Paul affirmed to be alive. Acts xxv. 19.

3. (Law)

Defn: To declare, as a fact, solemnly, under judicial sanction. See
Affirmation, 4.

Syn.
 -- To assert; aver; declare; asseverate; assure; pronounce; protest;
avouch; confirm; establish; ratify.
 -- To Affirm, Asseverate, Aver, Protest. We affirm when we declare a
thing as a fact or a proposition. We asseverate it in a peculiarly
earnest manner, or with increased positiveness as what can not be
disputed. We aver it, or formally declare it to be true, when we have
positive knowledge of it. We protest in a more public manner and with
the energy of perfect sincerity. People asseverate in order to
produce a conviction of their veracity; they aver when they are
peculiarly desirous to be believed; they protest when they wish to
free themselves from imputations, or to produce a conviction of their
innocence.

=====
Af*firm", v. i.

1. To declare or assert positively.
Not that I so affirm, though so it seem To thee, who hast thy
dwelling here on earth. Milton.

2. (Law)

Defn: To make a solemn declaration, before an authorized magistrate
or tribunal, under the penalties of perjury; to testify by
affirmation.
