ANNOY
An*noy", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Annoyed; p. pr. & vb. n. Annoying.]
Etym: [OE. anoien, anuien, OF. anoier, anuier, F. ennuyer, fr. OF.
anoi, anui, enui, annoyance, vexation, F. ennui. See Annoy, n.] To
disturb or irritate, especially by continued or repeated acts; to
tease; to ruffle in mind; to vex; as, I was annoyed by his remarks.
Say, what can more our tortured souls annoy Than to behold, admire,
and lose our joy Prior.

2. To molest, incommode, or harm; as, to annoy an army by impeding
its march, or by a cannonade.

Syn.
 -- To molest; vex; trouble; pester; embarrass; perplex; tease.
ANNOY

=====
An*noy", n. Etym: [OE. anoi, anui, OF. anoi, anui, enui, fr. L. in
odio hatred (esse alicui in odio, Cic.). See Ennui, Odium, Noisome,
Noy.]

Defn: A feeling of discomfort or vexation caused by what one
dislikes; also, whatever causes such a feeling; as, to work annoy.
Worse than Tantalus' is her annoy. Shak.

=====
An*noy", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Annoyed; p. pr. & vb. n. Annoying.]
Etym: [OE. anoien, anuien, OF. anoier, anuier, F. ennuyer, fr. OF.
anoi, anui, enui, annoyance, vexation, F. ennui. See Annoy, n.] To
disturb or irritate, especially by continued or repeated acts; to
tease; to ruffle in mind; to vex; as, I was annoyed by his remarks.
Say, what can more our tortured souls annoy Than to behold, admire,
and lose our joy Prior.

2. To molest, incommode, or harm; as, to annoy an army by impeding
its march, or by a cannonade.

Syn.
 -- To molest; vex; trouble; pester; embarrass; perplex; tease.

=====
An*noy", n. Etym: [OE. anoi, anui, OF. anoi, anui, enui, fr. L. in
odio hatred (esse alicui in odio, Cic.). See Ennui, Odium, Noisome,
Noy.]

Defn: A feeling of discomfort or vexation caused by what one
dislikes; also, whatever causes such a feeling; as, to work annoy.
Worse than Tantalus' is her annoy. Shak.
