ASS
Ass, n. Etym: [OE. asse, AS. assa; akin to Icel. asni, W. asen, asyn,
L. asinus, dim. aselus, Gr. esol, OHG. esil, G. esel, Goth. asilus,
Dan. æsel, Lith. asilas, Bohem. osel, Pol. osiel. The word is prob.
of Semitic origin; cf. Heb. ath she ass. Cf. Ease.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A quadruped of the genus Equus (E. asinus), smaller than the
horse, and having a peculiarly harsh bray and long ears. The tame or
domestic ass is patient, slow, and sure-footed, and has become the
type of obstinacy and stupidity. There are several species of wild
asses which are swift-footed.

2. A dull, heavy, stupid fellow; a dolt. Shak. Asses' Bridge. Etym:
[L. pons asinorum.] The fifth proposition of the first book of
Euclid, "The angles at the base of an isosceles triangle are equal to
one another." [Sportive] "A schoolboy, stammering out his Asses'
Bridge." F. Harrison.
 -- To make an ass of one's self, to do or say something very foolish
or absurd.

=====
Ass, n. Etym: [OE. asse, AS. assa; akin to Icel. asni, W. asen, asyn,
L. asinus, dim. aselus, Gr. esol, OHG. esil, G. esel, Goth. asilus,
Dan. æsel, Lith. asilas, Bohem. osel, Pol. osiel. The word is prob.
of Semitic origin; cf. Heb. ath she ass. Cf. Ease.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A quadruped of the genus Equus (E. asinus), smaller than the
horse, and having a peculiarly harsh bray and long ears. The tame or
domestic ass is patient, slow, and sure-footed, and has become the
type of obstinacy and stupidity. There are several species of wild
asses which are swift-footed.

2. A dull, heavy, stupid fellow; a dolt. Shak. Asses' Bridge. Etym:
[L. pons asinorum.] The fifth proposition of the first book of
Euclid, "The angles at the base of an isosceles triangle are equal to
one another." [Sportive] "A schoolboy, stammering out his Asses'
Bridge." F. Harrison.
 -- To make an ass of one's self, to do or say something very foolish
or absurd.
