ASSESS
As*sess", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Assessed; p. pr. & vb. n. Assessing.]
Etym: [OF. assesser to regulate, settle, LL. assessare to value for
taxation, fr. L. assidere, supine as if assessum, to sit by, esp. of
judges in a court, in LL. to assess, tax. Cf. Assize, v., Cess.]

1. To value; to make a valuation or official estimate of for the
purpose of taxation.

2. To apportion a sum to be paid by (a person, a community, or an
estate), in the nature of a tax, fine, etc.; to impose a tax upon (a
person, an estate, or an income) according to a rate or
apportionment.

3. To determine and impose a tax or fine upon (a person, community,
estate, or income); to tax; as, the club assessed each member twenty-
five cents.

4. To fix or determine the rate or amount of.
This sum is assessed and raised upon individuals by commissioners in
the act. Blackstone.

=====
As*sess", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Assessed; p. pr. & vb. n. Assessing.]
Etym: [OF. assesser to regulate, settle, LL. assessare to value for
taxation, fr. L. assidere, supine as if assessum, to sit by, esp. of
judges in a court, in LL. to assess, tax. Cf. Assize, v., Cess.]

1. To value; to make a valuation or official estimate of for the
purpose of taxation.

2. To apportion a sum to be paid by (a person, a community, or an
estate), in the nature of a tax, fine, etc.; to impose a tax upon (a
person, an estate, or an income) according to a rate or
apportionment.

3. To determine and impose a tax or fine upon (a person, community,
estate, or income); to tax; as, the club assessed each member twenty-
five cents.

4. To fix or determine the rate or amount of.
This sum is assessed and raised upon individuals by commissioners in
the act. Blackstone.
