AUXILIARY
Aux*il"ia*ry, a. Etym: [L. auxiliarius, fr. auxilium help, aid, fr.
augere to increase.]

Defn: Conferring aid or help; helping; aiding; assisting; subsidiary;
as auxiliary troops. Auxiliary scales (Mus.), the scales of relative
or attendant keys. See under Attendant, a.
 -- Auxiliary verbs (Gram.). See Auxiliary, n., 3.
AUXILIARY

=====
Aux*il"ia*ry, n.; pl. Auxiliaries (.

1. A helper; an assistant; a confederate in some action or
enterprise.

2. (Mil.) pl.

Defn: Foreign troops in the service of a nation at war; (rarely in
sing.), a member of the allied or subsidiary force.

3. (Gram.)

Defn: A verb which helps to form the voices, modes, and tenses of
other verbs; -- called, also, an auxiliary verb; as, have, be, may,
can, do, must, shall, and will, in English; être and avoir, in
French; avere and essere, in Italian; estar and haber, in Spanish.

4. (Math.)

Defn: A quantity introduced for the purpose of simplifying or
facilitating some operation, as in equations or trigonometrical
formulæ. Math. Dict.

=====
Aux*il"ia*ry, a. Etym: [L. auxiliarius, fr. auxilium help, aid, fr.
augere to increase.]

Defn: Conferring aid or help; helping; aiding; assisting; subsidiary;
as auxiliary troops. Auxiliary scales (Mus.), the scales of relative
or attendant keys. See under Attendant, a.
 -- Auxiliary verbs (Gram.). See Auxiliary, n., 3.

=====
Aux*il"ia*ry, n.; pl. Auxiliaries (.

1. A helper; an assistant; a confederate in some action or
enterprise.

2. (Mil.) pl.

Defn: Foreign troops in the service of a nation at war; (rarely in
sing.), a member of the allied or subsidiary force.

3. (Gram.)

Defn: A verb which helps to form the voices, modes, and tenses of
other verbs; -- called, also, an auxiliary verb; as, have, be, may,
can, do, must, shall, and will, in English; être and avoir, in
French; avere and essere, in Italian; estar and haber, in Spanish.

4. (Math.)

Defn: A quantity introduced for the purpose of simplifying or
facilitating some operation, as in equations or trigonometrical
formulæ. Math. Dict.
