AXIOM
Ax"i*om, n. Etym: [L. axioma, Gr. that which is thought worthy, that
which is assumed, a basis of demonstration, a principle, fr. to think
worthy, fr. worthy, weighing as much as; cf. to lead, drive, also to
weigh so much: cf F. axiome. See Agent, a.]

1. (Logic & Math.)

Defn: A self-evident and necessary truth, or a proposition whose
truth is so evident as first sight that no reasoning or demonstration
can make it plainer; a proposition which it is necessary to take for
granted; as, "The whole is greater than a part;" "A thing can not, at
the same time, be and not be."

2. An established principle in some art or science, which, though not
a necessary truth, is universally received; as, the axioms of
political economy.

Syn.
 -- Axiom, Maxim, Aphorism, Adage. An axiom is a self-evident truth
which is taken for granted as the basis of reasoning. A maxim is a
guiding principle sanctioned by experience, and relating especially
to the practical concerns of life. An aphorism is a short sentence
pithily expressing some valuable and general truth or sentiment. An
adage is a saying of long-established authority and of universal
application.

=====
Ax"i*om, n. Etym: [L. axioma, Gr. that which is thought worthy, that
which is assumed, a basis of demonstration, a principle, fr. to think
worthy, fr. worthy, weighing as much as; cf. to lead, drive, also to
weigh so much: cf F. axiome. See Agent, a.]

1. (Logic & Math.)

Defn: A self-evident and necessary truth, or a proposition whose
truth is so evident as first sight that no reasoning or demonstration
can make it plainer; a proposition which it is necessary to take for
granted; as, "The whole is greater than a part;" "A thing can not, at
the same time, be and not be."

2. An established principle in some art or science, which, though not
a necessary truth, is universally received; as, the axioms of
political economy.

Syn.
 -- Axiom, Maxim, Aphorism, Adage. An axiom is a self-evident truth
which is taken for granted as the basis of reasoning. A maxim is a
guiding principle sanctioned by experience, and relating especially
to the practical concerns of life. An aphorism is a short sentence
pithily expressing some valuable and general truth or sentiment. An
adage is a saying of long-established authority and of universal
application.
