BACHELOR
Bach"e*lor, n. Etym: [OF. bacheler young man, F. bachelier (cf.Pr.
bacalar, Sp.bachiller, Pg. bacharel, It. baccalare), LL. baccalarius
the tenant of a kind of farm called baccalaria, a soldier not old or
rich enough to lead his retainers into battle with a banner, person
of an inferior academical degree aspiring to a doctorate. In the
latter sense, it was afterward changed to baccalaureus. See
Baccalaureate, n.]

1. A man of any age who has not been married.
As merry and mellow an old bachelor as ever followed a hound. W.
Irving.

2. An unmarried woman. [Obs.] B. Jonson.

3. A person who has taken the first or lowest degree in the liberal
arts, or in some branch of science, at a college or university; as, a
bachelor of arts.

4. A knight who had no standard of his own, but fought under the
standard of another in the field; often, a young knight.

5. In the companies of London tradesmen, one not yet admitted to wear
the livery; a junior member. [Obs.]

6. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A kind of bass, an edible fresh-water fish (Pomoxys annularis)
of the southern United States.

=====
Bach"e*lor, n. Etym: [OF. bacheler young man, F. bachelier (cf.Pr.
bacalar, Sp.bachiller, Pg. bacharel, It. baccalare), LL. baccalarius
the tenant of a kind of farm called baccalaria, a soldier not old or
rich enough to lead his retainers into battle with a banner, person
of an inferior academical degree aspiring to a doctorate. In the
latter sense, it was afterward changed to baccalaureus. See
Baccalaureate, n.]

1. A man of any age who has not been married.
As merry and mellow an old bachelor as ever followed a hound. W.
Irving.

2. An unmarried woman. [Obs.] B. Jonson.

3. A person who has taken the first or lowest degree in the liberal
arts, or in some branch of science, at a college or university; as, a
bachelor of arts.

4. A knight who had no standard of his own, but fought under the
standard of another in the field; often, a young knight.

5. In the companies of London tradesmen, one not yet admitted to wear
the livery; a junior member. [Obs.]

6. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A kind of bass, an edible fresh-water fish (Pomoxys annularis)
of the southern United States.
