BAT
Bat, n. Etym: [OE. batte, botte, AS. batt; perhaps fr. the Celtic;
cf. Ir. bat, bata, stick, staff; but cf. also F. batte a beater
(thing), wooden sword, battre to beat.]

1. A large stick; a club; specifically, a piece of wood with one end
thicker or broader than the other, used in playing baseball, cricket,
etc.

2. (Mining)

Defn: Shale or bituminous shale. Kirwan.

3. A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables;
batting.

4. A part of a brick with one whole end. Bat bolt (Machinery), a bolt
barbed or jagged at its butt or tang to make it hold the more firmly.
Knight.
BAT

=====
Bat, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Batted (p. pr. & vb. n. Batting.]

Defn: To strike or hit with a bat or a pole; to cudgel; to beat.
Holland.
BAT

=====
Bat, v. i.

Defn: To use a bat, as in a game of baseball.
BAT

=====
Bat, n. Etym: [Corrupt. from OE. back, backe, balke; cf. Dan. aften-
bakke] (aften evening), Sw. natt-backa] (natt night), Icel. le (le
leather), Icel. blaka to flutter.] (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the Cheiroptera, an order of flying mammals, in which
the wings are formed by a membrane stretched between the elongated
fingers, legs, and tail. The common bats are small and insectivorous.
See Cheiroptera and Vampire. Bat tick (Zoöl.), a wingless, dipterous
insect of the genus Nycteribia, parasitic on bats.

=====
Bat, n. Etym: [OE. batte, botte, AS. batt; perhaps fr. the Celtic;
cf. Ir. bat, bata, stick, staff; but cf. also F. batte a beater
(thing), wooden sword, battre to beat.]

1. A large stick; a club; specifically, a piece of wood with one end
thicker or broader than the other, used in playing baseball, cricket,
etc.

2. (Mining)

Defn: Shale or bituminous shale. Kirwan.

3. A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables;
batting.

4. A part of a brick with one whole end. Bat bolt (Machinery), a bolt
barbed or jagged at its butt or tang to make it hold the more firmly.
Knight.

=====
Bat, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Batted (p. pr. & vb. n. Batting.]

Defn: To strike or hit with a bat or a pole; to cudgel; to beat.
Holland.

=====
Bat, v. i.

Defn: To use a bat, as in a game of baseball.

=====
Bat, n. Etym: [Corrupt. from OE. back, backe, balke; cf. Dan. aften-
bakke] (aften evening), Sw. natt-backa] (natt night), Icel. le (le
leather), Icel. blaka to flutter.] (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the Cheiroptera, an order of flying mammals, in which
the wings are formed by a membrane stretched between the elongated
fingers, legs, and tail. The common bats are small and insectivorous.
See Cheiroptera and Vampire. Bat tick (Zoöl.), a wingless, dipterous
insect of the genus Nycteribia, parasitic on bats.
