BEAVER
Bea"ver, n. Etym: [OE. bever, AS. beofer, befer; akin to D. bever,
OHG. bibar, G. biber, Sw. bäfver, Dan. bæver, Lith. bebru, Russ.
bobr', Gael. beabhar, Corn. befer, L. fiber, and Skr. babhrus large
ichneumon; also as an adj., brown, the animal being probably named
from its color. Brown.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: An amphibious rodent, of the genus Castor.

Note: It has palmated hind feet, and a broad, flat tail. It is
remarkable for its ingenuity in constructing its valued for its fur,
and for the material called castor, obtained from two small bags in
the groin of the animal. The European species is Castor fiber, and
the American is generally considered a variety of this, although
sometimes called Castor Canadensis.

2. The fur of the beaver.

3. A hat, formerly made of the fur of the beaver, but now usually of
silk.
A brown beaver slouched over his eyes. Prescott.

4. Beaver cloth, a heavy felted woolen cloth, used chiefly for making
overcoats. Beaver rat (Zoöl.), an aquatic ratlike quadruped of
Tasmania (Hydromys chrysogaster).
 -- Beaver skin, the furry skin of the beaver.
 -- Bank beaver. See under 1st Bank.
BEAVER

=====
Bea"ver, n. Etym: [OE. baviere, bauier, beavoir, bever; fr. F.
bavière, fr. bave slaver, drivel, foam, OF., prattle, drivel, perh.
orig. an imitative word. Bavière, according to Cotgrave, is the bib
put before a (slavering) child.]

Defn: That piece of armor which protected the lower part of the face,
whether forming a part of the helmet or fixed to the breastplate. It
was so constructed (with joints or otherwise) that the wearer could
raise or lower it to eat and drink.

=====
Bea"ver, n. Etym: [OE. bever, AS. beofer, befer; akin to D. bever,
OHG. bibar, G. biber, Sw. bäfver, Dan. bæver, Lith. bebru, Russ.
bobr', Gael. beabhar, Corn. befer, L. fiber, and Skr. babhrus large
ichneumon; also as an adj., brown, the animal being probably named
from its color. Brown.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: An amphibious rodent, of the genus Castor.

Note: It has palmated hind feet, and a broad, flat tail. It is
remarkable for its ingenuity in constructing its valued for its fur,
and for the material called castor, obtained from two small bags in
the groin of the animal. The European species is Castor fiber, and
the American is generally considered a variety of this, although
sometimes called Castor Canadensis.

2. The fur of the beaver.

3. A hat, formerly made of the fur of the beaver, but now usually of
silk.
A brown beaver slouched over his eyes. Prescott.

4. Beaver cloth, a heavy felted woolen cloth, used chiefly for making
overcoats. Beaver rat (Zoöl.), an aquatic ratlike quadruped of
Tasmania (Hydromys chrysogaster).
 -- Beaver skin, the furry skin of the beaver.
 -- Bank beaver. See under 1st Bank.

=====
Bea"ver, n. Etym: [OE. baviere, bauier, beavoir, bever; fr. F.
bavière, fr. bave slaver, drivel, foam, OF., prattle, drivel, perh.
orig. an imitative word. Bavière, according to Cotgrave, is the bib
put before a (slavering) child.]

Defn: That piece of armor which protected the lower part of the face,
whether forming a part of the helmet or fixed to the breastplate. It
was so constructed (with joints or otherwise) that the wearer could
raise or lower it to eat and drink.
