BENEFICE
Ben"e*fice, n. Etym: [F. bénéfice, L. beneficium, a kindness , in LL.
a grant of an estate, fr. L. beneficus beneficent; bene well + facere
to do. See Benefit.]

1. A favor or benefit. [Obs.] Baxter.

2. (Feudal Law)

Defn: An estate in lands; a fief.

Note: Such an estate was granted at first for life only, and held on
the mere good pleasure of the donor; but afterward, becoming
hereditary, it received the appellation of fief, and the term
benefice became appropriated to church livings.

3. An ecclesiastical living and church preferment, as in the Church
of England; a church endowed with a revenue for the maintenance of
divine service. See Advowson.

Note: All church preferments are called benefices, except bishoprics,
which are called dignities. But, ordinarily, the term dignity is
applied to bishoprics, deaneries, archdeaconries, and
prebendaryships; benefice to parsonages, vicarages, and donatives.
BENEFICE

=====
Ben"e*fice, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Beneficed.]

Defn: To endow with a benefice.

Note: [Commonly in the past participle.]

=====
Ben"e*fice, n. Etym: [F. bénéfice, L. beneficium, a kindness , in LL.
a grant of an estate, fr. L. beneficus beneficent; bene well + facere
to do. See Benefit.]

1. A favor or benefit. [Obs.] Baxter.

2. (Feudal Law)

Defn: An estate in lands; a fief.

Note: Such an estate was granted at first for life only, and held on
the mere good pleasure of the donor; but afterward, becoming
hereditary, it received the appellation of fief, and the term
benefice became appropriated to church livings.

3. An ecclesiastical living and church preferment, as in the Church
of England; a church endowed with a revenue for the maintenance of
divine service. See Advowson.

Note: All church preferments are called benefices, except bishoprics,
which are called dignities. But, ordinarily, the term dignity is
applied to bishoprics, deaneries, archdeaconries, and
prebendaryships; benefice to parsonages, vicarages, and donatives.

=====
Ben"e*fice, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Beneficed.]

Defn: To endow with a benefice.

Note: [Commonly in the past participle.]
