BISSEXTILE
Bis*sex"tile, n. Etym: [L. bissextilis annus, fr. bissextus (bis +
sextus sixth, fr. sex six) the sixth of the calends of March, or
twenty-fourth day of February, which was reckoned twice every fourth
year, by the intercalation of a day.]

Defn: Leap year; every fourth year, in which a day is added to the
month of February on account of the excess of the tropical year (365
d. 5 h. 48 m. 46 s.) above 365 days. But one day added every four
years is equivalent to six hours each year, which is 11 m. 14 s. more
than the excess of the real year. Hence, it is necessary to suppress
the bissextile day at the end of every century which is not divisible
by 400, while it is retained at the end of those which are divisible
by 400.
BISSEXTILE

=====
Bis*sex"tile, a.

Defn: Pertaining to leap year.

=====
Bis*sex"tile, n. Etym: [L. bissextilis annus, fr. bissextus (bis +
sextus sixth, fr. sex six) the sixth of the calends of March, or
twenty-fourth day of February, which was reckoned twice every fourth
year, by the intercalation of a day.]

Defn: Leap year; every fourth year, in which a day is added to the
month of February on account of the excess of the tropical year (365
d. 5 h. 48 m. 46 s.) above 365 days. But one day added every four
years is equivalent to six hours each year, which is 11 m. 14 s. more
than the excess of the real year. Hence, it is necessary to suppress
the bissextile day at the end of every century which is not divisible
by 400, while it is retained at the end of those which are divisible
by 400.

=====
Bis*sex"tile, a.

Defn: Pertaining to leap year.
