BLACKMAIL
Black"mail`, n. Etym: [Black + mail a piece of money.]

1. A certain rate of money, corn, cattle, or other thing, anciently
paid, in the north of England and south of Scotland, to certain men
who were allied to robbers, or moss troopers, to be by them protected
from pillage. Sir W. Scott.

2. Payment of money exacted by means of intimidation; also, extortion
of money from a person by threats of public accusation, exposure, or
censure.

3. (Eng. Law)

Defn: Black rent, or rent paid in corn, flesh, or the lowest coin, a
opposed to "white rent", which paid in silver. To levy blackmail, to
extort money by threats, as of injury to one's reputation.
BLACKMAIL

=====
Black"mail`, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Blackmailed; p. pr. & vb. n.
Blackmailing.]

Defn: To extort money from by exciting fears of injury other than
bodily harm, as injury to reputation, distress of mind, etc.; as, to
blackmail a merchant by threatening to expose an alleged fraud. [U.
S.]

=====
Black"mail`, n. Etym: [Black + mail a piece of money.]

1. A certain rate of money, corn, cattle, or other thing, anciently
paid, in the north of England and south of Scotland, to certain men
who were allied to robbers, or moss troopers, to be by them protected
from pillage. Sir W. Scott.

2. Payment of money exacted by means of intimidation; also, extortion
of money from a person by threats of public accusation, exposure, or
censure.

3. (Eng. Law)

Defn: Black rent, or rent paid in corn, flesh, or the lowest coin, a
opposed to "white rent", which paid in silver. To levy blackmail, to
extort money by threats, as of injury to one's reputation.

=====
Black"mail`, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Blackmailed; p. pr. & vb. n.
Blackmailing.]

Defn: To extort money from by exciting fears of injury other than
bodily harm, as injury to reputation, distress of mind, etc.; as, to
blackmail a merchant by threatening to expose an alleged fraud. [U.
S.]
