BRACKET
Brack"et, n. Etym: [Cf.OF. braguette codpiece, F. brayette, Sp.
bragueta, also a projecting mold in architecture; dim. fr.L. bracae
breeches; cf. also, OF. bracon beam, prop, support; of unknown
origin. Cf. Breeches.]

1. (Arch.)

Defn: An architectural member, plain or ornamental, projecting from a
wall or pier, to support weight falling outside of the same; also, a
decorative feature seeming to discharge such an office.

Note: This is the more general word. See Brace, Cantalever, Console,
Corbel, Strut.

2. (Engin. & Mech.)

Defn: A piece or combination of pieces, usually triangular in general
shape, projecting from, or fastened to, a wall, or other surface, to
support heavy bodies or to strengthen angles.

3. (Naut.)

Defn: A shot, crooked timber, resembling a knee, used as a support.

4. (Mil.)

Defn: The cheek or side of an ordnance carriage.

5. (Print.)

Defn: One of two characters [], used to inclose a reference,
explanation, or note, or a part to be excluded from a sentence, to
indicate an interpolation, to rectify a mistake, or to supply an
omission, and for certain other purposes; -- called also crotchet.

6. A gas fixture or lamp holder projecting from the face of a wall,
column, or the like. Bracket light, a gas fixture or a lamp attached
to a wall, column, etc.
BRACKET

=====
Brack"et, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Bracketed; p. pr. & vb. n. Bracketing]

Defn: To place within brackets; to connect by brackets; to furnish
with brackets.

=====
Brack"et, n. Etym: [Cf.OF. braguette codpiece, F. brayette, Sp.
bragueta, also a projecting mold in architecture; dim. fr.L. bracae
breeches; cf. also, OF. bracon beam, prop, support; of unknown
origin. Cf. Breeches.]

1. (Arch.)

Defn: An architectural member, plain or ornamental, projecting from a
wall or pier, to support weight falling outside of the same; also, a
decorative feature seeming to discharge such an office.

Note: This is the more general word. See Brace, Cantalever, Console,
Corbel, Strut.

2. (Engin. & Mech.)

Defn: A piece or combination of pieces, usually triangular in general
shape, projecting from, or fastened to, a wall, or other surface, to
support heavy bodies or to strengthen angles.

3. (Naut.)

Defn: A shot, crooked timber, resembling a knee, used as a support.

4. (Mil.)

Defn: The cheek or side of an ordnance carriage.

5. (Print.)

Defn: One of two characters [], used to inclose a reference,
explanation, or note, or a part to be excluded from a sentence, to
indicate an interpolation, to rectify a mistake, or to supply an
omission, and for certain other purposes; -- called also crotchet.

6. A gas fixture or lamp holder projecting from the face of a wall,
column, or the like. Bracket light, a gas fixture or a lamp attached
to a wall, column, etc.

=====
Brack"et, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Bracketed; p. pr. & vb. n. Bracketing]

Defn: To place within brackets; to connect by brackets; to furnish
with brackets.
