BREEZE
Breeze, n. Etym: [F. brise; akin to It. brezza breeze, Sp. briza,
brisa, a breeze from northeast, Pg. briza northeast wind; of
uncertain origin; cf. F. bise, Pr. bisa, OHG. bisa, north wind, Arm.
biz northeast wind.]

1. A light, gentle wind; a fresh, soft-blowing wind.
Into a gradual calm the breezes sink. Wordsworth.

2. An excited or ruffed state of feeling; a flurry of excitement; a
disturbance; a quarrel; as, the discovery produced a breeze.
[Colloq.] Land breeze, a wind blowing from the land, generally at
night.
 -- Sea breeze, a breeze or wind blowing, generally in the daytime,
from the sea.
BREEZE

=====
Breeze, n. Etym: [F. braise cinders, live coals. See Brasier.]

1. Refuse left in the process of making coke or burning charcoal.

2. (Brickmaking)

Defn: Refuse coal, coal ashes, and cinders, used in the burning of
bricks.
BREEZE

=====
Breeze, v. i.

Defn: To blow gently. [R.] J. Barlow. To breeze up (Naut.), to blow
with increasing freshness.

=====
Breeze, n. Etym: [F. brise; akin to It. brezza breeze, Sp. briza,
brisa, a breeze from northeast, Pg. briza northeast wind; of
uncertain origin; cf. F. bise, Pr. bisa, OHG. bisa, north wind, Arm.
biz northeast wind.]

1. A light, gentle wind; a fresh, soft-blowing wind.
Into a gradual calm the breezes sink. Wordsworth.

2. An excited or ruffed state of feeling; a flurry of excitement; a
disturbance; a quarrel; as, the discovery produced a breeze.
[Colloq.] Land breeze, a wind blowing from the land, generally at
night.
 -- Sea breeze, a breeze or wind blowing, generally in the daytime,
from the sea.

=====
Breeze, n. Etym: [F. braise cinders, live coals. See Brasier.]

1. Refuse left in the process of making coke or burning charcoal.

2. (Brickmaking)

Defn: Refuse coal, coal ashes, and cinders, used in the burning of
bricks.

=====
Breeze, v. i.

Defn: To blow gently. [R.] J. Barlow. To breeze up (Naut.), to blow
with increasing freshness.
