BRIGADE
Bri*gade", n. Etym: [F. brigade, fr. It. brigata troop, crew,
brigade, originally, a contending troop, fr. briga trouble, quarrel.
See Brigand.]

1. (Mil.)

Defn: A body of troops, whether cavalry, artillery, infantry, or
mixed, consisting of two or more regiments, under the command of a
brigadier general.

Note: Two or more brigades constitute a division, commanded by a
major general; two or more divisions constitute an army corps, or
corps d'armée. [U.S.]

2. Any body of persons organized for acting or marching together
under authority; as, a fire brigade. Brigade inspector, an officer
whose duty is to inspect troops in companies before they are mustered
into service.
 -- Brigade major, an officer who may be attached to a brigade to
assist the brigadier in his duties.
BRIGADE

=====
Bri*gade", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Brigaded; p. pr. & vb. n. Brigading.]
(Mil.)

Defn: To form into a brigade, or into brigades.

=====
Bri*gade", n. Etym: [F. brigade, fr. It. brigata troop, crew,
brigade, originally, a contending troop, fr. briga trouble, quarrel.
See Brigand.]

1. (Mil.)

Defn: A body of troops, whether cavalry, artillery, infantry, or
mixed, consisting of two or more regiments, under the command of a
brigadier general.

Note: Two or more brigades constitute a division, commanded by a
major general; two or more divisions constitute an army corps, or
corps d'armée. [U.S.]

2. Any body of persons organized for acting or marching together
under authority; as, a fire brigade. Brigade inspector, an officer
whose duty is to inspect troops in companies before they are mustered
into service.
 -- Brigade major, an officer who may be attached to a brigade to
assist the brigadier in his duties.

=====
Bri*gade", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Brigaded; p. pr. & vb. n. Brigading.]
(Mil.)

Defn: To form into a brigade, or into brigades.
