BUG
Bug, n. Etym: [OE. bugge, fr. W. bwg, bwgan, hobgoblin, scarecrow,
bugbear. Cf. Bogey, Boggle.]

1. A bugbear; anything which terrifies. [Obs.]
Sir, spare your threats: The bug which you would fright me with I
seek. Shak.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A general name applied to various insects belonging to the
Hemiptera; as, the squash bug; the chinch bug, etc.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: An insect of the genus Cimex, especially the bedbug (C.
lectularius). See Bedbug.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of various species of Coleoptera; as, the ladybug; potato
bug, etc.; loosely, any beetle.

5. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of certain kinds of Crustacea; as, the sow bug; pill bug;
bait bug; salve bug, etc.

Note: According to present popular usage in England, and among
housekeepers in America, bug, when not joined with some qualifying
word, is used specifically for bedbug. As a general term it is used
very loosely in America, and was formerly used still more loosely in
England. "God's rare workmanship in the ant, the poorest bug that
creeps." Rogers (Naaman). "This bug with gilded wings." Pope. Bait
bug. See under Bait.
 -- Bug word, swaggering or threatening language. [Obs.] Beau. & Fl.

=====
Bug, n. Etym: [OE. bugge, fr. W. bwg, bwgan, hobgoblin, scarecrow,
bugbear. Cf. Bogey, Boggle.]

1. A bugbear; anything which terrifies. [Obs.]
Sir, spare your threats: The bug which you would fright me with I
seek. Shak.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A general name applied to various insects belonging to the
Hemiptera; as, the squash bug; the chinch bug, etc.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: An insect of the genus Cimex, especially the bedbug (C.
lectularius). See Bedbug.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of various species of Coleoptera; as, the ladybug; potato
bug, etc.; loosely, any beetle.

5. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of certain kinds of Crustacea; as, the sow bug; pill bug;
bait bug; salve bug, etc.

Note: According to present popular usage in England, and among
housekeepers in America, bug, when not joined with some qualifying
word, is used specifically for bedbug. As a general term it is used
very loosely in America, and was formerly used still more loosely in
England. "God's rare workmanship in the ant, the poorest bug that
creeps." Rogers (Naaman). "This bug with gilded wings." Pope. Bait
bug. See under Bait.
 -- Bug word, swaggering or threatening language. [Obs.] Beau. & Fl.
