CALENDAR
Cal"en*dar, n. Etym: [OE. kalender, calender, fr. L. kalendarium an
interest or account book (cf. F. calendrier, OF. calendier) fr. L.
calendue, kalendae, calends. See Calends.]

1. An orderly arrangement of the division of time, adapted to the
purposes of civil life, as years, months, weeks, and days; also, a
register of the year with its divisions; an almanac.

2. (Eccl.)

Defn: A tabular statement of the dates of feasts, offices, saints'
days, etc., esp. of those which are liable to change yearly according
to the varying date of Easter.

3. An orderly list or enumeration of persons, things, or events; a
schedule; as, a calendar of state papers; a calendar of bills
presented in a legislative assemblly; a calendar of causes arranged
for trial in court; a calendar of a college or an academy.

Note: Shepherds of people had need know the calendars of tempests of
state. Bacon. Calendar clock, one that shows the days of the week and
month.
 -- Calendar month. See under Month.
 -- French Republican calendar. See under Vendémiaire.
 -- Gregorian calendar, Julian calendar, Perpetual calendar. See
under Gregorian, Julian, and Perpetual.
CALENDAR

=====
Cal"en*dar, v. t. [Imp. & p. p. Calendared; p. pr. & vb. n.
Calendaring.]

Defn: To enter or write in a calendar; to register. Waterhouse.

=====
Cal"en*dar, n. Etym: [OE. kalender, calender, fr. L. kalendarium an
interest or account book (cf. F. calendrier, OF. calendier) fr. L.
calendue, kalendae, calends. See Calends.]

1. An orderly arrangement of the division of time, adapted to the
purposes of civil life, as years, months, weeks, and days; also, a
register of the year with its divisions; an almanac.

2. (Eccl.)

Defn: A tabular statement of the dates of feasts, offices, saints'
days, etc., esp. of those which are liable to change yearly according
to the varying date of Easter.

3. An orderly list or enumeration of persons, things, or events; a
schedule; as, a calendar of state papers; a calendar of bills
presented in a legislative assemblly; a calendar of causes arranged
for trial in court; a calendar of a college or an academy.

Note: Shepherds of people had need know the calendars of tempests of
state. Bacon. Calendar clock, one that shows the days of the week and
month.
 -- Calendar month. See under Month.
 -- French Republican calendar. See under Vendémiaire.
 -- Gregorian calendar, Julian calendar, Perpetual calendar. See
under Gregorian, Julian, and Perpetual.

=====
Cal"en*dar, v. t. [Imp. & p. p. Calendared; p. pr. & vb. n.
Calendaring.]

Defn: To enter or write in a calendar; to register. Waterhouse.
