CALK
Calk, v. t. [imp. &p. p. Calked; p. pr. & vb. n. Calking.] Etym:
[Either corrupted fr. F. calfater (cf. Pg. calafetar, Sp.
calafetear), fr. Ar. qalafa to fill up crevices with the fibers of
palm tree or moss; or fr. OE. cauken to tred, through the French fr.
L. calcare, fr. calx heel. Cf. Calk to copy, Inculcate.]

1. To drive tarred oakum into the seams between the planks of (a
ship, boat, etc.), to prevent leaking. The calking is completed by
smearing the seams with melted pitch.

2. To make an indentation in the edge of a metal plate, as along a
seam in a steam boiler or an iron ship, to force the edge of the
upper plate hard against the lower and so fill the crevice.
CALK

=====
Calk, v. t. Etym: [E.calquer to trace, It. caicare to trace, to
trample, fr. L. calcare to trample, fr. calx heel. Cf. Calcarate.]

Defn: To copy, as a drawing, by rubbing the back of it with red or
black chalk, and then passing a blunt style or needle over the lines,
so as to leave a tracing on the paper or other thing against which it
is laid or held. [Writting also calque]
CALK

=====
Calk, n. Etym: [Cf. AS calc shoe, hoof, L. calx, calcis, hel, cälcar,
spur.]

1. A sharp-pointed piece or iron or steel projecting downward on the
shoe of a nore or an ox, to prevent the animal from slipping; --
called also calker, calkin.

2. An instrument with sharp points, worn on the sole of a shoe or
boot, to prevent slipping.
CALK

=====
Calk, v. i.

1. To furnish with calks, to prevent slipping on ice; as, to calk the
shoes of a horse or an ox.

2. To wound with a calk; as when a horse injures a leg or a foot with
a calk on one of the other feet.

=====
Calk, v. t. [imp. &p. p. Calked; p. pr. & vb. n. Calking.] Etym:
[Either corrupted fr. F. calfater (cf. Pg. calafetar, Sp.
calafetear), fr. Ar. qalafa to fill up crevices with the fibers of
palm tree or moss; or fr. OE. cauken to tred, through the French fr.
L. calcare, fr. calx heel. Cf. Calk to copy, Inculcate.]

1. To drive tarred oakum into the seams between the planks of (a
ship, boat, etc.), to prevent leaking. The calking is completed by
smearing the seams with melted pitch.

2. To make an indentation in the edge of a metal plate, as along a
seam in a steam boiler or an iron ship, to force the edge of the
upper plate hard against the lower and so fill the crevice.

=====
Calk, v. t. Etym: [E.calquer to trace, It. caicare to trace, to
trample, fr. L. calcare to trample, fr. calx heel. Cf. Calcarate.]

Defn: To copy, as a drawing, by rubbing the back of it with red or
black chalk, and then passing a blunt style or needle over the lines,
so as to leave a tracing on the paper or other thing against which it
is laid or held. [Writting also calque]

=====
Calk, n. Etym: [Cf. AS calc shoe, hoof, L. calx, calcis, hel, cälcar,
spur.]

1. A sharp-pointed piece or iron or steel projecting downward on the
shoe of a nore or an ox, to prevent the animal from slipping; --
called also calker, calkin.

2. An instrument with sharp points, worn on the sole of a shoe or
boot, to prevent slipping.

=====
Calk, v. i.

1. To furnish with calks, to prevent slipping on ice; as, to calk the
shoes of a horse or an ox.

2. To wound with a calk; as when a horse injures a leg or a foot with
a calk on one of the other feet.
