CANDY
Can"dy, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Candied; p. pr & vb. n. Candying.] Etym:
[F. candir (cf. It. candire, Sp. azúcar cande or candi), fr. Ar. &
Pers. qand, fr. Skr. Khan\'c8da piece, sugar in pieces or lumps, fr.
khan\'c8, khad to break.]

1. To conserve or boil in sugar; as, to candy fruits; to candy
ginger.

2. To make sugar crystals of or in; to form into a mass resembling
candy; as, to candy sirup.

3. To incrust with sugar or with candy, or with that which resembles
sugar or candy.
Those frosts that winter brings Which candy every green. Drayson.
CANDY

=====
Can"dy, v. i.

1. To have sugar crystals form in or on; as, fruits preserved in
sugar candy after a time.

2. To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass.
CANDY

=====
Can"dy n. Etym: [F. candi. See Candy, v. t.]

Defn: A more or less solid article of confectionery made by boiling
sugar or molasses to the desired consistency, and than crystallizing,
molding, or working in the required shape. It is often flavored or
colored, and sometimes contains fruit, nuts, etc.
CANDY

=====
Candy, n. Etym: [Mahratta khan\'c8i, Tamil kan\'c8i.]

Defn: A weight, at Madras 500 pounds, at Bombay 560 pounds.

=====
Can"dy, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Candied; p. pr & vb. n. Candying.] Etym:
[F. candir (cf. It. candire, Sp. azúcar cande or candi), fr. Ar. &
Pers. qand, fr. Skr. Khan\'c8da piece, sugar in pieces or lumps, fr.
khan\'c8, khad to break.]

1. To conserve or boil in sugar; as, to candy fruits; to candy
ginger.

2. To make sugar crystals of or in; to form into a mass resembling
candy; as, to candy sirup.

3. To incrust with sugar or with candy, or with that which resembles
sugar or candy.
Those frosts that winter brings Which candy every green. Drayson.

=====
Can"dy, v. i.

1. To have sugar crystals form in or on; as, fruits preserved in
sugar candy after a time.

2. To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass.

=====
Can"dy n. Etym: [F. candi. See Candy, v. t.]

Defn: A more or less solid article of confectionery made by boiling
sugar or molasses to the desired consistency, and than crystallizing,
molding, or working in the required shape. It is often flavored or
colored, and sometimes contains fruit, nuts, etc.

=====
Candy, n. Etym: [Mahratta khan\'c8i, Tamil kan\'c8i.]

Defn: A weight, at Madras 500 pounds, at Bombay 560 pounds.
