CAPSTAN
Cap"stan, n. Etym: [F. cabestan, fr. Sp. cabestrante, cabrestante,
fr. cabestrar to bind with a halter, fr. cabestrohalter, fr. L.
capistrum halter, fr. capere to hold (see Capacious); or perh. the
Spanish is fr. L. caper goat + stans, p. pr. of stare to stand; cf.
F. chèvre she-goat, also a machine for raising heavy weights.]

Defn: A vertical cleated drum or cylinder, revolving on an upright
spindle, and surmounted by a drumhead with sockets for bars or
levers. It is much used, especially on shipboard, for moving or
raising heavy weights or exerting great power by traction upon a rope
or cable, passing around the drum. It is operated either by steam
power or by a number of men walking around the capstan, each pushing
on the end of a lever fixed in its socket. [Sometimes spelt Capstern,
but improperly.] Capstan bar, one of the long bars or levers by which
the capstan is worked; a handspike..
 -- To pawl the capstan, to drop the pawls so that they will catch in
the notches of the pawl ring, and prevent the capstan from turning
back.
 -- To rig the capstan, to prepare the for use, by putting the bars
in the sockets.
 -- To surge the capstan, to slack the tension of the rope or cable
wound around it.

=====
Cap"stan, n. Etym: [F. cabestan, fr. Sp. cabestrante, cabrestante,
fr. cabestrar to bind with a halter, fr. cabestrohalter, fr. L.
capistrum halter, fr. capere to hold (see Capacious); or perh. the
Spanish is fr. L. caper goat + stans, p. pr. of stare to stand; cf.
F. chèvre she-goat, also a machine for raising heavy weights.]

Defn: A vertical cleated drum or cylinder, revolving on an upright
spindle, and surmounted by a drumhead with sockets for bars or
levers. It is much used, especially on shipboard, for moving or
raising heavy weights or exerting great power by traction upon a rope
or cable, passing around the drum. It is operated either by steam
power or by a number of men walking around the capstan, each pushing
on the end of a lever fixed in its socket. [Sometimes spelt Capstern,
but improperly.] Capstan bar, one of the long bars or levers by which
the capstan is worked; a handspike..
 -- To pawl the capstan, to drop the pawls so that they will catch in
the notches of the pawl ring, and prevent the capstan from turning
back.
 -- To rig the capstan, to prepare the for use, by putting the bars
in the sockets.
 -- To surge the capstan, to slack the tension of the rope or cable
wound around it.
