CATTLE
Cat"tle, n. pl. Etym: [OE. calet, chatel, goods, property, OF. catel,
chatel, LL. captale, capitale, goods, property, esp. cattle, fr. L.
capitals relating to the head, chief; because in early ages beasts
constituted the chief part of a man's property. See Capital, and cf.
Chattel.]

Defn: Quadrupeds of the Bovine family; sometimes, also, including all
domestic quadrupeds, as sheep, goats, horses, mules, asses, and
swine. Belted cattle, Black cattle. See under Belted, Black.
 -- Cattle guard, a trench under a railroad track and alongside a
crossing (as of a public highway). It is intended to prevent cattle
from getting upon the track.
 -- cattle louse (Zoöl.), any species of louse infecting cattle.
There are several species. The Hæmatatopinus eurysternus and H.
vituli are common species which suck blood; Trichodectes scalaris
eats the hair.
 -- Cattle plague, the rinderpest; called also Russian cattle plague.
 -- Cattle range, or Cattle run, an open space through which cattle
may run or range. [U. S.] Bartlett.
 -- Cattle show, an exhibition of domestic animals with prizes for
the encouragement of stock breeding; -- usually accompanied with the
exhibition of other agricultural and domestic products and of
implements.

=====
Cat"tle, n. pl. Etym: [OE. calet, chatel, goods, property, OF. catel,
chatel, LL. captale, capitale, goods, property, esp. cattle, fr. L.
capitals relating to the head, chief; because in early ages beasts
constituted the chief part of a man's property. See Capital, and cf.
Chattel.]

Defn: Quadrupeds of the Bovine family; sometimes, also, including all
domestic quadrupeds, as sheep, goats, horses, mules, asses, and
swine. Belted cattle, Black cattle. See under Belted, Black.
 -- Cattle guard, a trench under a railroad track and alongside a
crossing (as of a public highway). It is intended to prevent cattle
from getting upon the track.
 -- cattle louse (Zoöl.), any species of louse infecting cattle.
There are several species. The Hæmatatopinus eurysternus and H.
vituli are common species which suck blood; Trichodectes scalaris
eats the hair.
 -- Cattle plague, the rinderpest; called also Russian cattle plague.
 -- Cattle range, or Cattle run, an open space through which cattle
may run or range. [U. S.] Bartlett.
 -- Cattle show, an exhibition of domestic animals with prizes for
the encouragement of stock breeding; -- usually accompanied with the
exhibition of other agricultural and domestic products and of
implements.
