CHUB
Chub, n. Etym: [This word seems to signify a large or thick fish. Cf.
Sw. kubb a short and thick piece of wood, and perh. F. chabot chub.]
(Zoöl.)

Defn: A species to fresh-water fish of the Cyprinidæ or Carp family.
The common European species is Leuciscus cephalus; the cheven. In
America the name is applied to various fishes of the same family, of
the genera Semotilus, Squalius, Ceratichthys, etc., and locally to
several very different fishes, as the tautog, black bass, etc. Chub
mackerel (Zoöl.), a species of mackerel (Scomber colias) in some
years found in abundance on the Atlantic coast, but absent in others;
-- called also bull mackerel, thimble-eye, and big-eye mackerel.
 -- Chub sucker (Zoöl.), a fresh-water fish of the United States
(Erimyzon sucetta); -- called also creekfish.

=====
Chub, n. Etym: [This word seems to signify a large or thick fish. Cf.
Sw. kubb a short and thick piece of wood, and perh. F. chabot chub.]
(Zoöl.)

Defn: A species to fresh-water fish of the Cyprinidæ or Carp family.
The common European species is Leuciscus cephalus; the cheven. In
America the name is applied to various fishes of the same family, of
the genera Semotilus, Squalius, Ceratichthys, etc., and locally to
several very different fishes, as the tautog, black bass, etc. Chub
mackerel (Zoöl.), a species of mackerel (Scomber colias) in some
years found in abundance on the Atlantic coast, but absent in others;
-- called also bull mackerel, thimble-eye, and big-eye mackerel.
 -- Chub sucker (Zoöl.), a fresh-water fish of the United States
(Erimyzon sucetta); -- called also creekfish.
