COMPANY
Com"pa*ny, n.; pl. Companies. Etym: [F. compagnie, fr. OF. compaing.
See Companion.]

1. The state of being a companion or companions; the act of
accompaying; fellowship; companionship; society; friendly
intercourse. Shak.
Evil company doth corrupt good manners. 1 Cor. xv. 33. (Rev. Ver. ).
Brethren, farewell: your company along I will not wish. Milton.

2. A companion or companions.
To thee and thy company I bid A hearty welcome. Shak.

3. An assemblage or association of persons, either permanent or
transient.
Thou shalt meet a company of prophets. 1 Sam. x. 5.

4. Guests or visitors, in distinction from the members of a family;
as, to invite company to dine.

5. Society, in general; people assembled for social intercourse.
Nature has left every man a capacity of being agreeable, though not
of shining in company. Swift.

6. An association of persons for the purpose of carrying on some
enterprise or business; a corporation; a firm; as, the East India
Company; an insurance company; a joint-stock company.

7. Partners in a firm whose names are not mentioned in its style or
title; -- often abbreviated in writing; as, Hottinguer & Co.

8. (Mil.)

Defn: A subdivision of a regiment of troops under the command of a
captain, numbering in the United States (full strength) 100 men.

9. (Naut.)

Defn: The crew of a ship, including the officers; as, a whole ship's
company.

10. The body of actors employed in a theater or in the production of
a play. To keep company with. See under Keep, v. t.

Syn.
 -- Assemblage; assembly; society; group; assembly; society; group;
circle; crowd; troop; crew; gang; corporation; association;
fraternity; guild; partnership; copartnery; union; club; party;
gathering.
COMPANY

=====
Com"pa*ny, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Companied; p. pr. & vb. n.
Companying.]

Defn: To accompany or go with; to be companion to. [Obs.]
COMPANY

=====
Com"pa*ny, v. i.

1. To associate.
Men which have companied with us all the time. Acts i. 21.

2. To be a gay companion. [Obs.] Spenser.

3. To have sexual commerce. [Obs.] Bp. Hall.
