CONJUGATE
Con"ju*gate, a. Etym: [L. conjugatus, p.p. or conjugare to unite;
con- + jugare to join, yoke, marry, jugum yoke; akin to jungere to
join. See Join.]

1. United in pairs; yoked together; coupled.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: In single pairs; coupled.

3. (Chem.)

Defn: Containing two or more radicals supposed to act the part of a
single one. [R.]

4. (Gram.)

Defn: Agreeing in derivation and radical signification; -- said of
words.

5. (Math.)

Defn: Presenting themselves simultaneously and having reciprocal
properties; -- frequently used in pure and applied mathematics with
reference to two quantities, points, lines, axes, curves, etc.
Conjugate axis of a hyperbola (Math.), the line through the center of
the curve, perpendicular to the line through the two foci.
 -- Conjugate diameters (Conic Sections), two diameters of an ellipse
or hyperbola such that each bisects all chords drawn parallel to the
other.
 -- Conjugate focus (Opt.) See under Focus.
 -- Conjugate mirrors (Optics), two mirrors so placed that rays from
the focus of one are received at the focus of the other, especially
two concave mirrors so placed that rays proceeding from the principal
focus of one and reflected in a parallel beam are received upon the
other and brought to the principal focus.
 -- Conjugate point (Geom.), an acnode. See Acnode, and Double point.
 -- Self-conjugate triangle (Conic Sections), a triangle each of
whose vertices is the pole of the opposite side with reference to a
conic.
CONJUGATE

=====
Con`ju*gate, n. Etym: [L. conjugatum a combining, etymological
relationship.]

1. A word agreeing in derivation with another word, and therefore
generally resembling it in signification.
We have learned, in logic, that conjugates are sometimes in name
only, and not in deed. Abp. Bramhall.

2. (Chem.)

Defn: A complex radical supposed to act the part of a single radical.
[R.]
CONJUGATE

=====
Con"ju*gate, v. t. [imp. & p.p. Conjugated; p.pr. & vb.n.
Conjugating.]

1. To unite in marriage; to join. [Obs.] Sir H. Wotton.

2. (Gram.)

Defn: To inflect (a verb), or give in order the forms which it
assumed in its several voices, moods, tenses, numbers, and persons.
CONJUGATE

=====
Con"ju*gate, v. i. (Biol.)

Defn: To unite in a kind of sexual union, as two or more cells or
individuals among the more simple plants and animals.
