CORRUGATE
Cor"ru*gate (kr"r-gt), a. Etym: [L. corrugatus, p. p. of corrugare;
cor-+ rugare to wrinkle, ruga wrinkle; of uncertain origin.]

Defn: Wrinkled; crumpled; furrowed; contracted into ridges and
furrows.
CORRUGATE

=====
Cor"ru*gate (-gt), v. t. [imp. & p.p. Corrugated (-g`td); p. pr. &
vb. n. Corrugating (-g`tng).]

Defn: To form or shape into wrinkles or folds, or alternate ridges
and grooves, as by drawing, contraction, pressure, bending, or
otherwise; to wrinkle; to purse up; as, to corrugate plates of iron;
to corrugate the forehead. Corrugated iron, sheet iron bent into a
series of alternate ridges and grooves in parallel lines, giving it
greater stiffness.
 -- Corrugated paper, a thick, coarse paper corrugated in order to
give it elasticity. It is used as a wrapping material for fragile
articles, as bottles.

=====
Cor"ru*gate (kr"r-gt), a. Etym: [L. corrugatus, p. p. of corrugare;
cor-+ rugare to wrinkle, ruga wrinkle; of uncertain origin.]

Defn: Wrinkled; crumpled; furrowed; contracted into ridges and
furrows.

=====
Cor"ru*gate (-gt), v. t. [imp. & p.p. Corrugated (-g`td); p. pr. &
vb. n. Corrugating (-g`tng).]

Defn: To form or shape into wrinkles or folds, or alternate ridges
and grooves, as by drawing, contraction, pressure, bending, or
otherwise; to wrinkle; to purse up; as, to corrugate plates of iron;
to corrugate the forehead. Corrugated iron, sheet iron bent into a
series of alternate ridges and grooves in parallel lines, giving it
greater stiffness.
 -- Corrugated paper, a thick, coarse paper corrugated in order to
give it elasticity. It is used as a wrapping material for fragile
articles, as bottles.
