COUGH
Cough (kf), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Coughed (kft); p. pr. & vb. n.
Coughing.] Etym: [Cf. D. kuchen, MHG. k to breathe, G. keuchen to
pant, and E. chincough, the first part of which is prob. akin to
cough; cf. also E. choke.]

Defn: To expel air, or obstructing or irritating matter, from the
lungs or air passages, in a noisy and violent manner.
COUGH

=====
Cough, v. t.

1. To expel from the lungs or air passages by coughing; -- followed
by up; as, to cough up phlegm.

2. To bring to a specified state by coughing; as, he coughed himself
hoarse. To cough down, to silence or put down (an objectionable
speaker) by simulated coughing.
COUGH

=====
Cough, n. Etym: [Cg. D. kuch. See Cough, v. i. ]

1. A sudden, noisy, and violent expulsion of air from the chest,
caused by irritation in the air passages, or by the reflex action of
nervous or gastric disorder, etc.

2. The more or less frequent repetition of coughing, constituting a
symptom of disease. Stomach cough, Ear cough, cough due to irritation
in the stomach or ear.

=====
Cough (kf), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Coughed (kft); p. pr. & vb. n.
Coughing.] Etym: [Cf. D. kuchen, MHG. k to breathe, G. keuchen to
pant, and E. chincough, the first part of which is prob. akin to
cough; cf. also E. choke.]

Defn: To expel air, or obstructing or irritating matter, from the
lungs or air passages, in a noisy and violent manner.

=====
Cough, v. t.

1. To expel from the lungs or air passages by coughing; -- followed
by up; as, to cough up phlegm.

2. To bring to a specified state by coughing; as, he coughed himself
hoarse. To cough down, to silence or put down (an objectionable
speaker) by simulated coughing.

=====
Cough, n. Etym: [Cg. D. kuch. See Cough, v. i. ]

1. A sudden, noisy, and violent expulsion of air from the chest,
caused by irritation in the air passages, or by the reflex action of
nervous or gastric disorder, etc.

2. The more or less frequent repetition of coughing, constituting a
symptom of disease. Stomach cough, Ear cough, cough due to irritation
in the stomach or ear.
