COUNTERVAIL
Coun`ter*vail" (koun`tr-vl"), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Countervailed (-
vld); p. pr. & vb. n. Countervailing.] Etym: [OF. contrevaloir;
contre (L. contra) + valoir to avail, fr. L. valere to be strong,
avail. See Vallant.]

Defn: To act against with equal force, power, or effect; to thwart or
overcome by such action; to furnish an equivalent to or for; to
counterbalance; to compensate.
Upon balancing the account, the profit at last will hardly
countervail the inconveniences that go allong with it. L'Estrange.
COUNTERVAIL

=====
Coun"ter*vail` (koun"tr-vl`), n.

Defn: Power or value sufficient to obviate any effect; equal weight,
strength, or value; equivalent; compensation; requital. [Obs.]
Surely, the present pleasure of a sinful act is a poor countervail
for the bitterness of the review. South.

=====
Coun`ter*vail" (koun`tr-vl"), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Countervailed (-
vld); p. pr. & vb. n. Countervailing.] Etym: [OF. contrevaloir;
contre (L. contra) + valoir to avail, fr. L. valere to be strong,
avail. See Vallant.]

Defn: To act against with equal force, power, or effect; to thwart or
overcome by such action; to furnish an equivalent to or for; to
counterbalance; to compensate.
Upon balancing the account, the profit at last will hardly
countervail the inconveniences that go allong with it. L'Estrange.

=====
Coun"ter*vail` (koun"tr-vl`), n.

Defn: Power or value sufficient to obviate any effect; equal weight,
strength, or value; equivalent; compensation; requital. [Obs.]
Surely, the present pleasure of a sinful act is a poor countervail
for the bitterness of the review. South.
