CREOLE
Cre"ole (kr"l), n. Etym: [F. cr, Sp. criollo, from an American negro
word, perh. a corruption of a Sp. criadillo, dim. of criado servant,
formerly also, child, fr. L. creatus, p. p. of creare to create. Cf.
Create.]

Defn: One born of European parents in the American colonies of France
or Spain or in the States which were once such colonies, esp. a
person of French or Spanish descent, who is a native inhabitant of
Louisiana, or one of the States adjoining, bordering on the Gulf of
of Mexico.

Note: "The term creole negro is employed in the English West Indies
to distinguish the negroes born there from the Africans imported
during the time of the slave trade. The application of this term to
the colored people has led to an idea common in some parts of the
United States, though wholly unfounded, that it implies an admixture
greater or less of African blood." R. Hildreth.

Note: "The title [Creole] did not first belong to the descendants of
Spanish, but of French, settlers, But such a meaning implied a
certain excellence of origin, and so came early to include any native
of French or Spanish descent by either parent, whose nonalliance with
the slave race entitled him to social rank. Later, the term was
adopted by, not conceded to, the natives of mixed blood, and is still
so used among themselves. . . . Besides French and Spanish, there are
even, for convenience of speech, 'colored' Creoles; but there are no
Italian, or Sicilian, nor any English, Scotch, Irish, or 'Yankee'
Creoles, unless of parentage married into, and themselves thoroughly
proselyted in, Creole society." G. W. Cable.
CREOLE

=====
Cre"ole (kr"l), a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a Creole or the Creoles.

Note: In New Orleans the word Creole is applied to any product, or
variety of manufacture, peculiar to Louisiana; as, Creole ponies,
chickens, cows, shoes, eggs, wagons, baskets, etc.

=====
Cre"ole (kr"l), n. Etym: [F. cr, Sp. criollo, from an American negro
word, perh. a corruption of a Sp. criadillo, dim. of criado servant,
formerly also, child, fr. L. creatus, p. p. of creare to create. Cf.
Create.]

Defn: One born of European parents in the American colonies of France
or Spain or in the States which were once such colonies, esp. a
person of French or Spanish descent, who is a native inhabitant of
Louisiana, or one of the States adjoining, bordering on the Gulf of
of Mexico.

Note: "The term creole negro is employed in the English West Indies
to distinguish the negroes born there from the Africans imported
during the time of the slave trade. The application of this term to
the colored people has led to an idea common in some parts of the
United States, though wholly unfounded, that it implies an admixture
greater or less of African blood." R. Hildreth.

Note: "The title [Creole] did not first belong to the descendants of
Spanish, but of French, settlers, But such a meaning implied a
certain excellence of origin, and so came early to include any native
of French or Spanish descent by either parent, whose nonalliance with
the slave race entitled him to social rank. Later, the term was
adopted by, not conceded to, the natives of mixed blood, and is still
so used among themselves. . . . Besides French and Spanish, there are
even, for convenience of speech, 'colored' Creoles; but there are no
Italian, or Sicilian, nor any English, Scotch, Irish, or 'Yankee'
Creoles, unless of parentage married into, and themselves thoroughly
proselyted in, Creole society." G. W. Cable.

=====
Cre"ole (kr"l), a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a Creole or the Creoles.

Note: In New Orleans the word Creole is applied to any product, or
variety of manufacture, peculiar to Louisiana; as, Creole ponies,
chickens, cows, shoes, eggs, wagons, baskets, etc.
