CYCLOID
Cy"cloid (s"kloid), n. Etym: [Cyclo- + -oid: cf. F. cycloïde.]
(Geom.)

Defn: A curve generated by a point in the plane of a circle when the
circle is rolled along a straight line, keeping always in the same
plane.

Note: The common cycloid is the curve described when the generating
point (p) is on the circumference of the generating circle; the
curtate cycloid, when that point lies without the circumference; the
prolate or inflected cycloid, when the generating point (p) lies
within that circumference.
CYCLOID

=====
Cy"cloid, a. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Of or pertaining to the Cycloidei. Cycloid scale (Zoöl.), a
fish scale which is thin and shows concentric lines of growth,
without serrations on the margin.
CYCLOID

=====
Cy"cloid, n. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the Cycloidei.

=====
Cy"cloid (s"kloid), n. Etym: [Cyclo- + -oid: cf. F. cycloïde.]
(Geom.)

Defn: A curve generated by a point in the plane of a circle when the
circle is rolled along a straight line, keeping always in the same
plane.

Note: The common cycloid is the curve described when the generating
point (p) is on the circumference of the generating circle; the
curtate cycloid, when that point lies without the circumference; the
prolate or inflected cycloid, when the generating point (p) lies
within that circumference.

=====
Cy"cloid, a. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Of or pertaining to the Cycloidei. Cycloid scale (Zoöl.), a
fish scale which is thin and shows concentric lines of growth,
without serrations on the margin.

=====
Cy"cloid, n. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the Cycloidei.
