CYNIC
Cyn"ic, n. (Gr. Philos)

1. One of a sect or school of philosophers founded by Antisthenes,
and of whom Diogenes was a disciple. The first Cynics were noted for
austere lives and their scorn for social customs and current
philosophical opinions. Hence the term Cynic symbolized, in the
popular judgment, moroseness, and contempt for the views of others.

2. One who holds views resembling those of the Cynics; a snarler; a
misanthrope; particularly, a person who believes that human conduct
is directed, either consciously or unconsciously, wholly by self-
interest or self-indulgence, and that appearances to the contrary are
superficial and untrustworthy.
He could obtain from one morose cynic, whose opinion it was
impossible to despise, scarcely any not acidulated with scorn.
Macaulay.

=====
Cyn"ic, n. (Gr. Philos)

1. One of a sect or school of philosophers founded by Antisthenes,
and of whom Diogenes was a disciple. The first Cynics were noted for
austere lives and their scorn for social customs and current
philosophical opinions. Hence the term Cynic symbolized, in the
popular judgment, moroseness, and contempt for the views of others.

2. One who holds views resembling those of the Cynics; a snarler; a
misanthrope; particularly, a person who believes that human conduct
is directed, either consciously or unconsciously, wholly by self-
interest or self-indulgence, and that appearances to the contrary are
superficial and untrustworthy.
He could obtain from one morose cynic, whose opinion it was
impossible to despise, scarcely any not acidulated with scorn.
Macaulay.
