DEPONENT
De*po"nent, n. Etym: [L. deponenes, -entis, laying down. See Depone,
v. t.]

1. (Law)

Defn: One who deposes or testifies under oath; one who gives
evidence; usually, one who testifies in writing.

2. (Gr. & Lat. Gram.)

Defn: A deponent verb.

Syn.
 -- Deponent, Affiant. These are legal terms describing a person who
makes a written declaration under oath, with a view to establish
certain facts. An affiant is one who makes an affidavit, or
declaration under oath, in order to establish the truth of what he
says. A deponenet is one who makes a deposition, or gives written
testimony under oath, to be used in the trial of some case before a
court of justice. See under Deposition.
DEPONENT

=====
De*po"nent, a. Etym: [L. deponens, -entis, laying down (its proper
passive meaning), p. pr. of deponere: cf. F. déponent. See Depone.]
(Gram.)

Defn: Having a passive form with an active meaning, as certain latin
and Greek verbs.

=====
De*po"nent, n. Etym: [L. deponenes, -entis, laying down. See Depone,
v. t.]

1. (Law)

Defn: One who deposes or testifies under oath; one who gives
evidence; usually, one who testifies in writing.

2. (Gr. & Lat. Gram.)

Defn: A deponent verb.

Syn.
 -- Deponent, Affiant. These are legal terms describing a person who
makes a written declaration under oath, with a view to establish
certain facts. An affiant is one who makes an affidavit, or
declaration under oath, in order to establish the truth of what he
says. A deponenet is one who makes a deposition, or gives written
testimony under oath, to be used in the trial of some case before a
court of justice. See under Deposition.

=====
De*po"nent, a. Etym: [L. deponens, -entis, laying down (its proper
passive meaning), p. pr. of deponere: cf. F. déponent. See Depone.]
(Gram.)

Defn: Having a passive form with an active meaning, as certain latin
and Greek verbs.
