DEPRECIATE
De*pre"ci*ate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Depreciated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Depreciating.] Etym: [L. depretiatus, depreciatus, p. p. of
depretiare, -ciare, to depreciate; de- + pretiare to prize, fr.
pretium price. See Price.]

Defn: To lessen in price or estimated value; to lower the worth of;
to represent as of little value or claim to esteem; to undervalue.
Addison.
Which . . . some over-severe phoilosophers may look upon
fastidiously, or undervalue and depreciate. Cudworth.
To prove that the Americans ought not to be free, we are obliged to
depreciate the value of freedom itself. Burke.

Syn.
 -- To decry; disparage; traduce; lower; detract; underrate. See
Decry.
DEPRECIATE

=====
De*pre"ci*ate, v. i.

Defn: To fall in value; to become of less worth; to sink in
estimation; as, a paper currency will depreciate, unless it is
convertible into specie.

=====
De*pre"ci*ate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Depreciated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Depreciating.] Etym: [L. depretiatus, depreciatus, p. p. of
depretiare, -ciare, to depreciate; de- + pretiare to prize, fr.
pretium price. See Price.]

Defn: To lessen in price or estimated value; to lower the worth of;
to represent as of little value or claim to esteem; to undervalue.
Addison.
Which . . . some over-severe phoilosophers may look upon
fastidiously, or undervalue and depreciate. Cudworth.
To prove that the Americans ought not to be free, we are obliged to
depreciate the value of freedom itself. Burke.

Syn.
 -- To decry; disparage; traduce; lower; detract; underrate. See
Decry.

=====
De*pre"ci*ate, v. i.

Defn: To fall in value; to become of less worth; to sink in
estimation; as, a paper currency will depreciate, unless it is
convertible into specie.
