DISENGAGE
Dis`en*gage" (, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Disengaged; p. pr. & vb. n.
Disengaging.] Etym: [Pref. dis- + engage: cf. F. désengager.]

Defn: To release from that with which anything is engaged, engrossed,
involved, or entangled; to extricate; to detach; to set free; to
liberate; to clear; as, to disengage one from a party, from broils
and controversies, from an oath, promise, or occupation; to disengage
the affections a favorite pursuit, the mind from study.
To disengage him and the kingdom, great sums were to be borrowed.
Milton.
Caloric and light must be disengaged during the process. Transl. of
Lavoisier.

Syn.
 -- To liberate; free; loose; extricate; clear; disentangle; detach;
withdraw; wean.
DISENGAGE

=====
Dis`en*gage", v. i.

Defn: To release one's self; to become detached; to free one's self.
From a friends's grave how soon we disengage! Young.

=====
Dis`en*gage" (, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Disengaged; p. pr. & vb. n.
Disengaging.] Etym: [Pref. dis- + engage: cf. F. désengager.]

Defn: To release from that with which anything is engaged, engrossed,
involved, or entangled; to extricate; to detach; to set free; to
liberate; to clear; as, to disengage one from a party, from broils
and controversies, from an oath, promise, or occupation; to disengage
the affections a favorite pursuit, the mind from study.
To disengage him and the kingdom, great sums were to be borrowed.
Milton.
Caloric and light must be disengaged during the process. Transl. of
Lavoisier.

Syn.
 -- To liberate; free; loose; extricate; clear; disentangle; detach;
withdraw; wean.

=====
Dis`en*gage", v. i.

Defn: To release one's self; to become detached; to free one's self.
From a friends's grave how soon we disengage! Young.
