DOMINANT
Dom"i*nant, a. Etym: [L. dominans, -antis, p. pr. of dominari: cf. F.
dominant. See Dominate.]

Defn: Ruling; governing; prevailing; controlling; predominant; as,
the dominant party, church, spirit, power.
The member of a dominant race is, in his dealings with the subject
race, seldom indeed fraudulent, . . . but imperious, insolent, and
cruel. Macaulay.
Dominant estate or tenement (Law), the estate to which a servitude or
easement is due from another estate, the estate over which the
servitude extends being called the servient estate or tenement.
Bouvier. Wharton's Law Dict.
 -- Dominant owner (Law), one who owns lands on which there is an
easement owned by another.

Syn.
 -- Governing; ruling; controlling; prevailing; predominant;
ascendant.
DOMINANT

=====
Dom"i*nant, n. (Mus.)

Defn: The fifth tone of the scale; thus G is the dominant of C, A of
D, and so on. Dominant chord (Mus.), the chord based upon the
dominant.

=====
Dom"i*nant, a. Etym: [L. dominans, -antis, p. pr. of dominari: cf. F.
dominant. See Dominate.]

Defn: Ruling; governing; prevailing; controlling; predominant; as,
the dominant party, church, spirit, power.
The member of a dominant race is, in his dealings with the subject
race, seldom indeed fraudulent, . . . but imperious, insolent, and
cruel. Macaulay.
Dominant estate or tenement (Law), the estate to which a servitude or
easement is due from another estate, the estate over which the
servitude extends being called the servient estate or tenement.
Bouvier. Wharton's Law Dict.
 -- Dominant owner (Law), one who owns lands on which there is an
easement owned by another.

Syn.
 -- Governing; ruling; controlling; prevailing; predominant;
ascendant.

=====
Dom"i*nant, n. (Mus.)

Defn: The fifth tone of the scale; thus G is the dominant of C, A of
D, and so on. Dominant chord (Mus.), the chord based upon the
dominant.
