DREDGE
Dredge, n. Etym: [F. drège, dreige, fish net, from a word akin to E.
draw; cf. D. dreg, dregge, small anchor, dregnet dragnet. Draw.]

1. Any instrument used to gather or take by dragging; as: (a) A
dragnet for taking up oysters, etc., from their beds. (b) A dredging
machine. (c) An iron frame, with a fine net attached, used in
collecting animals living at the bottom of the sea.

2. (Mining)

Defn: Very fine mineral matter held in suspension in water. Raymond.
DREDGE

=====
Dredge, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Dredged; p. pr. & vb. n. Dredging.]

Defn: To catch or gather with a dredge; to deepen with a dredging
machine. R. Carew. Dredging machine, a machine (commonly on a boat)
used to scoop up mud, gravel, or obstructions from the bottom of
rivers, docks, etc., so as to deepen them.
DREDGE

=====
Dredge, n. Etym: [OE. dragge, F. dragée, dredge, also, sugar plum;
cf. Prov. dragea, It. treggea; corrupted fr. LL. tragemata, pl.,
sweetmeats, Gr.

Defn: A mixture of oats and barley. [Obs.] Kersey.
DREDGE

=====
Dredge, v. t.

Defn: To sift or sprinkle flour, etc., on, as on roasting meat. Beau.
& Fl. Dredging box. (a) Same as 2d Dredger. (b) (Gun.) A copper box
with a perforated lid; -- used for sprinkling meal powder over shell
fuses. Farrow.

=====
Dredge, n. Etym: [F. drège, dreige, fish net, from a word akin to E.
draw; cf. D. dreg, dregge, small anchor, dregnet dragnet. Draw.]

1. Any instrument used to gather or take by dragging; as: (a) A
dragnet for taking up oysters, etc., from their beds. (b) A dredging
machine. (c) An iron frame, with a fine net attached, used in
collecting animals living at the bottom of the sea.

2. (Mining)

Defn: Very fine mineral matter held in suspension in water. Raymond.

=====
Dredge, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Dredged; p. pr. & vb. n. Dredging.]

Defn: To catch or gather with a dredge; to deepen with a dredging
machine. R. Carew. Dredging machine, a machine (commonly on a boat)
used to scoop up mud, gravel, or obstructions from the bottom of
rivers, docks, etc., so as to deepen them.

=====
Dredge, n. Etym: [OE. dragge, F. dragée, dredge, also, sugar plum;
cf. Prov. dragea, It. treggea; corrupted fr. LL. tragemata, pl.,
sweetmeats, Gr.

Defn: A mixture of oats and barley. [Obs.] Kersey.

=====
Dredge, v. t.

Defn: To sift or sprinkle flour, etc., on, as on roasting meat. Beau.
& Fl. Dredging box. (a) Same as 2d Dredger. (b) (Gun.) A copper box
with a perforated lid; -- used for sprinkling meal powder over shell
fuses. Farrow.
