DROLL
Droll, a. [Compar. Droller; superl. Drollest.] Etym: [F. drôle; cf.
G. & D. drollig, LG. drullig, D. drol a thick and short person, a
droll, Sw. troll a magical appearance, demon, trolla to use magic
arts, enchant, Dan. trold elf, imp, Icel. tröll giant, magician, evil
spirit, monster. If this is the origin, cf. Trull.]

Defn: Queer, and fitted to provoke laughter; ludicrous from oddity;
amusing and strange.

Syn.
 -- Comic; comical; farcical; diverting; humorous; ridiculous; queer;
odd; waggish; facetious; merry; laughable; ludicrous.
 -- Droll, Laughable, Comical. Laughable is the generic term,
denoting anything exciting laughter or worthy of laughter; comical
denotes something of the kind exhibited in comedies, something
humorous of the kind exhibited in comedies, something, as it were,
dramatically humorous; droll stands lower on the scale, having
reference to persons or things which excite laughter by their
buffoonery or oddity. A laughable incident; a comical adventure; a
droll story.
DROLL

=====
Droll, n.

1. One whose practice it is to raise mirth by odd tricks; a jester; a
buffoon; a merry-andrew. Prior.

2. Something exhibited to raise mirth or sport, as a puppet, a farce,
and the like.
DROLL

=====
Droll, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Drolled; p. pr. & vb. n. Drolling.]

Defn: To jest; to play the buffoon. [R.]
DROLL

=====
Droll, v. t.

1. To lead or influence by jest or trick; to banter or jest; to
cajole.
Men that will not be reasoned into their senses, may yet be laughed
or drolled into them. L'Estrange.

2. To make a jest of; to set in a comical light. [R.]
This drolling everything is rather fatiguing. W. D. Howells.

=====
Droll, a. [Compar. Droller; superl. Drollest.] Etym: [F. drôle; cf.
G. & D. drollig, LG. drullig, D. drol a thick and short person, a
droll, Sw. troll a magical appearance, demon, trolla to use magic
arts, enchant, Dan. trold elf, imp, Icel. tröll giant, magician, evil
spirit, monster. If this is the origin, cf. Trull.]

Defn: Queer, and fitted to provoke laughter; ludicrous from oddity;
amusing and strange.

Syn.
 -- Comic; comical; farcical; diverting; humorous; ridiculous; queer;
odd; waggish; facetious; merry; laughable; ludicrous.
 -- Droll, Laughable, Comical. Laughable is the generic term,
denoting anything exciting laughter or worthy of laughter; comical
denotes something of the kind exhibited in comedies, something
humorous of the kind exhibited in comedies, something, as it were,
dramatically humorous; droll stands lower on the scale, having
reference to persons or things which excite laughter by their
buffoonery or oddity. A laughable incident; a comical adventure; a
droll story.

=====
Droll, n.

1. One whose practice it is to raise mirth by odd tricks; a jester; a
buffoon; a merry-andrew. Prior.

2. Something exhibited to raise mirth or sport, as a puppet, a farce,
and the like.

=====
Droll, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Drolled; p. pr. & vb. n. Drolling.]

Defn: To jest; to play the buffoon. [R.]

=====
Droll, v. t.

1. To lead or influence by jest or trick; to banter or jest; to
cajole.
Men that will not be reasoned into their senses, may yet be laughed
or drolled into them. L'Estrange.

2. To make a jest of; to set in a comical light. [R.]
This drolling everything is rather fatiguing. W. D. Howells.
