DUPLICATE
Du"pli*cate, a. Etym: [L. duplicatus, p. p. of duplicare to double,
fr. duplex double, twofold. See Duplex.]

Defn: Double; twofold. Duplicate proportion or ratio (Math.), the
proportion or ratio of squares. Thus, in geometrical proportion, the
first term to the third is said to be in a duplicate ratio of the
first to the second, or as its square is to the square of the second.
Thus, in 2, 4, 8, 16, the ratio of 2 to 8 is a duplicate of that of 2
to 4, or as the square of 2 is to the square of 4.
DUPLICATE

=====
Du"pli*cate, n.

1. That which exactly resembles or corresponds to something else;
another, correspondent to the first; hence, a copy; a transcript; a
counterpart.
I send a duplicate both of it and my last dispatch. Sir W. Temple.

2. (Law)

Defn: An original instrument repeated; a document which is the same
as another in all essential particulars, and differing from a mere
copy in having all the validity of an original. Burrill.
DUPLICATE

=====
Du"pli*cate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Duplicated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Duplicating.]

1. To double; to fold; to render double.

2. To make a duplicate of (something); to make a copy or transcript
of. Glanvill.

3. (Biol.)

Defn: To divide into two by natural growth or spontaneous action; as,
infusoria duplicate themselves.

=====
Du"pli*cate, a. Etym: [L. duplicatus, p. p. of duplicare to double,
fr. duplex double, twofold. See Duplex.]

Defn: Double; twofold. Duplicate proportion or ratio (Math.), the
proportion or ratio of squares. Thus, in geometrical proportion, the
first term to the third is said to be in a duplicate ratio of the
first to the second, or as its square is to the square of the second.
Thus, in 2, 4, 8, 16, the ratio of 2 to 8 is a duplicate of that of 2
to 4, or as the square of 2 is to the square of 4.

=====
Du"pli*cate, n.

1. That which exactly resembles or corresponds to something else;
another, correspondent to the first; hence, a copy; a transcript; a
counterpart.
I send a duplicate both of it and my last dispatch. Sir W. Temple.

2. (Law)

Defn: An original instrument repeated; a document which is the same
as another in all essential particulars, and differing from a mere
copy in having all the validity of an original. Burrill.

=====
Du"pli*cate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Duplicated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Duplicating.]

1. To double; to fold; to render double.

2. To make a duplicate of (something); to make a copy or transcript
of. Glanvill.

3. (Biol.)

Defn: To divide into two by natural growth or spontaneous action; as,
infusoria duplicate themselves.
