ECLIPTIC
E*clip"tic, n. Etym: [Cf. F. écliptique, L. linea ecliptica, Gr.
Ecliptic, a.]

1. (Astron.)

Defn: A great circle of the celestial sphere, making an angle with
the equinoctial of about 23º 28'. It is the apparent path of the sun,
or the real path of the earth as seen from the sun.

2. (Geog.)

Defn: A great circle drawn on a terrestrial globe, making an angle of
23º 28' with the equator; -- used for illustrating and solving
astronomical problems.
ECLIPTIC

=====
E*clip"tic, a. Etym: [L. eclipticus belonging to an eclipse, Gr.
Eclipse.]

1. Pertaining to the ecliptic; as, the ecliptic way.

2. Pertaining to an eclipse or to eclipses. Lunar ecliptic limit
(Astron.), the space of 12º on the moon's orbit from the node, within
which, if the moon happens to be at full, it will be eclipsed.
 -- Solar ecliptic limit, the space of 17º from the lunar node,
within which, if a conjunction of the sun and moon occur, the sun
will be eclipsed.

=====
E*clip"tic, n. Etym: [Cf. F. écliptique, L. linea ecliptica, Gr.
Ecliptic, a.]

1. (Astron.)

Defn: A great circle of the celestial sphere, making an angle with
the equinoctial of about 23º 28'. It is the apparent path of the sun,
or the real path of the earth as seen from the sun.

2. (Geog.)

Defn: A great circle drawn on a terrestrial globe, making an angle of
23º 28' with the equator; -- used for illustrating and solving
astronomical problems.

=====
E*clip"tic, a. Etym: [L. eclipticus belonging to an eclipse, Gr.
Eclipse.]

1. Pertaining to the ecliptic; as, the ecliptic way.

2. Pertaining to an eclipse or to eclipses. Lunar ecliptic limit
(Astron.), the space of 12º on the moon's orbit from the node, within
which, if the moon happens to be at full, it will be eclipsed.
 -- Solar ecliptic limit, the space of 17º from the lunar node,
within which, if a conjunction of the sun and moon occur, the sun
will be eclipsed.
