ELEVATE
El"e*vate, a. Etym: [L. elevatus, p. p.]

Defn: Elevated; raised aloft. [Poetic] Milton.
ELEVATE

=====
El"e*vate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Elevated; p. pr. & vb. n. Elevating.]
Etym: [L. elevatus, p. p. of elevare; e + levare to lift up, raise,
akin to levis light in weight. See Levity.]

1. To bring from a lower place to a higher; to lift up; to raise; as,
to elevate a weight, a flagstaff, etc.

2. To raise to a higher station; to promote; as, to elevate to an
office, or to a high social position.

3. To raise from a depressed state; to animate; to cheer; as, to
elevate the spirits.

4. To exalt; to ennoble; to dignify; as, to elevate the mind or
character.

5. To raise to a higher pitch, or to a greater degree of loudness; --
said of sounds; as, to elevate the voice.

6. To intoxicate in a slight degree; to render tipsy. [Colloq. &
Sportive] "The elevated cavaliers sent for two tubs of merry stingo."
Sir W. Scott.

7. To lessen; to detract from; to disparage. [A Latin meaning] [Obs.]
Jer. Taylor. To elevate a piece (Gun.), to raise the muzzle; to lower
the breech.

Syn.
 -- To exalt; dignify; ennoble; erect; raise; hoist; heighten; elate;
cheer; flush; excite; animate.

=====
El"e*vate, a. Etym: [L. elevatus, p. p.]

Defn: Elevated; raised aloft. [Poetic] Milton.

=====
El"e*vate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Elevated; p. pr. & vb. n. Elevating.]
Etym: [L. elevatus, p. p. of elevare; e + levare to lift up, raise,
akin to levis light in weight. See Levity.]

1. To bring from a lower place to a higher; to lift up; to raise; as,
to elevate a weight, a flagstaff, etc.

2. To raise to a higher station; to promote; as, to elevate to an
office, or to a high social position.

3. To raise from a depressed state; to animate; to cheer; as, to
elevate the spirits.

4. To exalt; to ennoble; to dignify; as, to elevate the mind or
character.

5. To raise to a higher pitch, or to a greater degree of loudness; --
said of sounds; as, to elevate the voice.

6. To intoxicate in a slight degree; to render tipsy. [Colloq. &
Sportive] "The elevated cavaliers sent for two tubs of merry stingo."
Sir W. Scott.

7. To lessen; to detract from; to disparage. [A Latin meaning] [Obs.]
Jer. Taylor. To elevate a piece (Gun.), to raise the muzzle; to lower
the breech.

Syn.
 -- To exalt; dignify; ennoble; erect; raise; hoist; heighten; elate;
cheer; flush; excite; animate.
