ELIMINATE
E*lim"i*nate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Eliminated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Eliminating.] Etym: [L. eliminatus, p. p. of eliminare; e out + limen
threshold; prob. akin to limes boundary. See Limit.]

1. To put out of doors; to expel; to discharge; to release; to set at
liberty.
Eliminate my spirit, give it range Through provinces of thought yet
unexplored. Young.

2. (Alg.)

Defn: To cause to disappear from an equation; as, to eliminate an
unknown quantity.

3. To set aside as unimportant in a process of inductive inquiry; to
leave out of consideration.
Eliminate errors that have been gathering and accumulating. Lowth.

4. To obtain by separating, as from foreign matters; to deduce; as,
to eliminate an idea or a conclusion. [Recent, and not well
authorized]

5. (Physiol.)

Defn: To separate; to expel from the system; to excrete; as, the
kidneys eliminate urea, the lungs carbonic acid; to eliminate poison
from the system.

=====
E*lim"i*nate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Eliminated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Eliminating.] Etym: [L. eliminatus, p. p. of eliminare; e out + limen
threshold; prob. akin to limes boundary. See Limit.]

1. To put out of doors; to expel; to discharge; to release; to set at
liberty.
Eliminate my spirit, give it range Through provinces of thought yet
unexplored. Young.

2. (Alg.)

Defn: To cause to disappear from an equation; as, to eliminate an
unknown quantity.

3. To set aside as unimportant in a process of inductive inquiry; to
leave out of consideration.
Eliminate errors that have been gathering and accumulating. Lowth.

4. To obtain by separating, as from foreign matters; to deduce; as,
to eliminate an idea or a conclusion. [Recent, and not well
authorized]

5. (Physiol.)

Defn: To separate; to expel from the system; to excrete; as, the
kidneys eliminate urea, the lungs carbonic acid; to eliminate poison
from the system.
