EMISSARY
Em"is*sa*ry, n.; pl. Emissaries. Etym: [L. emissarius, fr. emittere,
emissum, to send out: cf. F. émissaire. See Emit.]

Defn: An agent employed to advance, in a covert manner, the interests
of his employers; one sent out by any power that is at war with
another, to create dissatisfaction among the people of the latter.
Buzzing emissaries fill the ears Of listening crowds with jealousies
and fears. Dryden.

Syn.
 -- Emissary, Spy. A spy is one who enters an enemy's camp or
territories to learn the condition of the enemy; an emissary may be a
secret agent appointed not only to detect the schemes of an opposing
party, but to influence their councils. A spy must be concealed, or
he suffers death; an emissary may in some cases be known as the agent
of an adversary without incurring similar hazard.
EMISSARY

=====
Em"is*sa*ry, a.

1. Exploring; spying. B. Jonson.

2. (Anat.)

Defn: Applied to the veins which pass out of the cranium through
apertures in its walls.

=====
Em"is*sa*ry, n.; pl. Emissaries. Etym: [L. emissarius, fr. emittere,
emissum, to send out: cf. F. émissaire. See Emit.]

Defn: An agent employed to advance, in a covert manner, the interests
of his employers; one sent out by any power that is at war with
another, to create dissatisfaction among the people of the latter.
Buzzing emissaries fill the ears Of listening crowds with jealousies
and fears. Dryden.

Syn.
 -- Emissary, Spy. A spy is one who enters an enemy's camp or
territories to learn the condition of the enemy; an emissary may be a
secret agent appointed not only to detect the schemes of an opposing
party, but to influence their councils. A spy must be concealed, or
he suffers death; an emissary may in some cases be known as the agent
of an adversary without incurring similar hazard.

=====
Em"is*sa*ry, a.

1. Exploring; spying. B. Jonson.

2. (Anat.)

Defn: Applied to the veins which pass out of the cranium through
apertures in its walls.
