ESTREAT
Es*treat", n. Etym: [OF. estraite, prop., an extract, fr. p. p. of
estraire to extract, F. extraire, fr. L.extrahere. See Extract.]
(Law)

Defn: A true copy, duplicate, or extract of an original writing or
record, esp. of amercements or penalties set down in the rolls of
court to be levied by the bailiff, or other officer. Cowell. Estreat
of a recognizance, the extracting or taking out a forfeited
recognizance from among the other records of the court, for the
purpose of a prosecution in another court, or it may be in the same
court. Burrill.
ESTREAT

=====
Es*treat", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Estreated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Estreating.] (Law)
(a) To extract or take out from the records of a court, and send up
to the court of exchequer to be enforced; -- said of a forfeited
recognizance.
(b) To bring in to the exchequer, as a fine.

=====
Es*treat", n. Etym: [OF. estraite, prop., an extract, fr. p. p. of
estraire to extract, F. extraire, fr. L.extrahere. See Extract.]
(Law)

Defn: A true copy, duplicate, or extract of an original writing or
record, esp. of amercements or penalties set down in the rolls of
court to be levied by the bailiff, or other officer. Cowell. Estreat
of a recognizance, the extracting or taking out a forfeited
recognizance from among the other records of the court, for the
purpose of a prosecution in another court, or it may be in the same
court. Burrill.

=====
Es*treat", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Estreated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Estreating.] (Law)
(a) To extract or take out from the records of a court, and send up
to the court of exchequer to be enforced; -- said of a forfeited
recognizance.
(b) To bring in to the exchequer, as a fine.
