EXCITE
Ex*cite", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Excited; p. pr. & vb. n. exciting.]
Etym: [L. excitare; ex out + citare to move rapidly, to rouse: cf.
OF. esciter, exciter, F. exciter. See Cite.]

1. To call to activity in any way; to rouse to feeling; to kindle to
passionate emotion; to stir up to combined or general activity; as,
to excite a person, the spirits, the passions; to excite a mutiny or
insurrection; to excite heat by friction.

2. (Physiol.)

Defn: To call forth or increase the vital activity of an organism, or
any of its parts.

Syn.
 -- To incite; awaken; animate; rouse or arouse; stimulate; inflame;
irritate; provoke.
 -- To Excite, Incite. When we excite we rouse into action feelings
which were less strong; when we incite we spur on or urge forward to
a specific act or end. Demosthenes excited the passions of the
Athenians against Philip, and thus incited the whole nation to unite
in the war against him. Antony, by his speech over the body of Cæsar,
so excited the feelings of the populace, that Brutus and his
companions were compelled to flee from Rome; many however, were
incited to join their standard, not only by love of liberty, but
hopes of plunder.

=====
Ex*cite", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Excited; p. pr. & vb. n. exciting.]
Etym: [L. excitare; ex out + citare to move rapidly, to rouse: cf.
OF. esciter, exciter, F. exciter. See Cite.]

1. To call to activity in any way; to rouse to feeling; to kindle to
passionate emotion; to stir up to combined or general activity; as,
to excite a person, the spirits, the passions; to excite a mutiny or
insurrection; to excite heat by friction.

2. (Physiol.)

Defn: To call forth or increase the vital activity of an organism, or
any of its parts.

Syn.
 -- To incite; awaken; animate; rouse or arouse; stimulate; inflame;
irritate; provoke.
 -- To Excite, Incite. When we excite we rouse into action feelings
which were less strong; when we incite we spur on or urge forward to
a specific act or end. Demosthenes excited the passions of the
Athenians against Philip, and thus incited the whole nation to unite
in the war against him. Antony, by his speech over the body of Cæsar,
so excited the feelings of the populace, that Brutus and his
companions were compelled to flee from Rome; many however, were
incited to join their standard, not only by love of liberty, but
hopes of plunder.
