FERN
Fern, adv.

Defn: Long ago. [Obs.] Chaucer.
FERN

=====
Fern, a. Etym: [AS. fyrn.]

Defn: Ancient; old. [Obs.] "Pilgrimages to . . . ferne halwes."
[saints]. Chaucer.
FERN

=====
Fern, n. Etym: [AS. fearn; akin to D. varen, G. farn, farnkraut; cf.
Skr. parna wing, feather, leaf, sort of plant, or Lith. papartis
fern.] (Bot.)

Defn: An order of cryptogamous plants, the Filices, which have their
fructification on the back of the fronds or leaves. They are usually
found in humid soil, sometimes grow epiphytically on trees, and in
tropical climates often attain a gigantic size.

Note: The plants are asexual, and bear clustered sporangia,
containing minute spores, which germinate and form prothalli, on
which are borne the true organs of reproduction. The brake or
bracken, the maidenhair, and the polypody are all well known ferns.
Christmas fern. See under Christmas.
 -- Climbing fern (Bot.), a delicate North American fern (Lygodium
palmatum), which climbs several feet high over bushes, etc., and is
much sought for purposes of decoration.
 -- Fern owl. (Zoöl.) (a) The European goatsucker. (b) The short-
eared owl. [Prov. Eng.] -- Fern shaw, a fern thicket. [Eng.] R.
Browning.

=====
Fern, adv.

Defn: Long ago. [Obs.] Chaucer.

=====
Fern, a. Etym: [AS. fyrn.]

Defn: Ancient; old. [Obs.] "Pilgrimages to . . . ferne halwes."
[saints]. Chaucer.

=====
Fern, n. Etym: [AS. fearn; akin to D. varen, G. farn, farnkraut; cf.
Skr. parna wing, feather, leaf, sort of plant, or Lith. papartis
fern.] (Bot.)

Defn: An order of cryptogamous plants, the Filices, which have their
fructification on the back of the fronds or leaves. They are usually
found in humid soil, sometimes grow epiphytically on trees, and in
tropical climates often attain a gigantic size.

Note: The plants are asexual, and bear clustered sporangia,
containing minute spores, which germinate and form prothalli, on
which are borne the true organs of reproduction. The brake or
bracken, the maidenhair, and the polypody are all well known ferns.
Christmas fern. See under Christmas.
 -- Climbing fern (Bot.), a delicate North American fern (Lygodium
palmatum), which climbs several feet high over bushes, etc., and is
much sought for purposes of decoration.
 -- Fern owl. (Zoöl.) (a) The European goatsucker. (b) The short-
eared owl. [Prov. Eng.] -- Fern shaw, a fern thicket. [Eng.] R.
Browning.
