FEUD
Feud, n. Etym: [OE. feide, AS. f, fr. fah hostile; akin to OHG. f, G.
fehde, Sw. fejd, D. feide; prob. akin to E. fiend. See Foe.]

1. A combination of kindred to avenge injuries or affronts, done or
offered to any of their blood, on the offender and all his race.

2. A contention or quarrel; especially, an inveterate strife between
families, clans, or parties; deadly hatred; contention satisfied only
by bloodshed.
Mutual feuds and battles betwixt their several tribes and kindreds.
Purchas.

Syn.
 -- Affray; fray; broil; contest; dispute; strife.
FEUD

=====
Feud, n. Etym: [LL. feudum, feodum prob. of same origin as E. fief.
See Fief, Fee.] (Law)

Defn: A stipendiary estate in land, held of superior, by service; the
right which a vassal or tenant had to the lands or other immovable
thing of his lord, to use the same and take the profists thereof
hereditarily, rendering to his superior such duties and services as
belong to military tenure, etc., the property of the soil always
remaining in the lord or superior; a fief; a fee.

=====
Feud, n. Etym: [OE. feide, AS. f, fr. fah hostile; akin to OHG. f, G.
fehde, Sw. fejd, D. feide; prob. akin to E. fiend. See Foe.]

1. A combination of kindred to avenge injuries or affronts, done or
offered to any of their blood, on the offender and all his race.

2. A contention or quarrel; especially, an inveterate strife between
families, clans, or parties; deadly hatred; contention satisfied only
by bloodshed.
Mutual feuds and battles betwixt their several tribes and kindreds.
Purchas.

Syn.
 -- Affray; fray; broil; contest; dispute; strife.

=====
Feud, n. Etym: [LL. feudum, feodum prob. of same origin as E. fief.
See Fief, Fee.] (Law)

Defn: A stipendiary estate in land, held of superior, by service; the
right which a vassal or tenant had to the lands or other immovable
thing of his lord, to use the same and take the profists thereof
hereditarily, rendering to his superior such duties and services as
belong to military tenure, etc., the property of the soil always
remaining in the lord or superior; a fief; a fee.
