FILLET
Fil"let, n. Etym: [OE. filet, felet, fr. OF. filet thread, fillet of
meat, dim. of fil a thread, fr. L. filum. See Fille a row.]

1. A little band, especially one intended to encircle the hair of the
head.
A belt her waist, a fillet binds her hair. Pope.

2. (Cooking)

Defn: A piece of lean meat without bone; sometimes, a long strip
rolled together and tied.

Note: A fillet of beef is the under side of the sirlom; also called
tenderloin. A fillet of veal or mutton is the fleshy part of the
thigh. A fillet of fish is a slice of flat fish without bone. "Fillet
of a fenny snake." Shak.

3. A thin strip or ribbon; esp.: (a) A strip of metal from which
coins are punched. (b) A strip of card clothing. (c) A thin
projecting band or strip.

4. (Mach.)

Defn: A concave filling in of a reëntrant angle where two surfaces
meet, forming a rounded corner.

5. (Arch.)

Defn: A narrow flat member; especially, a flat molding separating
other moldings; a reglet; also, the space between two flutings in a
shaft. See Illust. of Base, and Column.

6. (Her.)

Defn: An ordinary equaling in breadth one fourth of the chief, to the
lowest portion of which it corresponds in position.

7. (Mech.)

Defn: The thread of a screw.

8. A border of broad or narrow lines of color or gilt.

9. The raised molding about the muzzle of a gun.

10. Any scantling smaller than a batten.

11. (Anat.)

Defn: A fascia; a band of fibers; applied esp. to certain bands of
white matter in the brain.

12. (Man.)

Defn: The loins of a horse, beginning at the place where the hinder
part of the saddle rests. Arris fillet. See under Arris.
FILLET

=====
Fil"let, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Filleted; p. pr. & vb. n. Filleting.]

Defn: To bind, furnish, or adorn with a fillet.

=====
Fil"let, n. Etym: [OE. filet, felet, fr. OF. filet thread, fillet of
meat, dim. of fil a thread, fr. L. filum. See Fille a row.]

1. A little band, especially one intended to encircle the hair of the
head.
A belt her waist, a fillet binds her hair. Pope.

2. (Cooking)

Defn: A piece of lean meat without bone; sometimes, a long strip
rolled together and tied.

Note: A fillet of beef is the under side of the sirlom; also called
tenderloin. A fillet of veal or mutton is the fleshy part of the
thigh. A fillet of fish is a slice of flat fish without bone. "Fillet
of a fenny snake." Shak.

3. A thin strip or ribbon; esp.: (a) A strip of metal from which
coins are punched. (b) A strip of card clothing. (c) A thin
projecting band or strip.

4. (Mach.)

Defn: A concave filling in of a reëntrant angle where two surfaces
meet, forming a rounded corner.

5. (Arch.)

Defn: A narrow flat member; especially, a flat molding separating
other moldings; a reglet; also, the space between two flutings in a
shaft. See Illust. of Base, and Column.

6. (Her.)

Defn: An ordinary equaling in breadth one fourth of the chief, to the
lowest portion of which it corresponds in position.

7. (Mech.)

Defn: The thread of a screw.

8. A border of broad or narrow lines of color or gilt.

9. The raised molding about the muzzle of a gun.

10. Any scantling smaller than a batten.

11. (Anat.)

Defn: A fascia; a band of fibers; applied esp. to certain bands of
white matter in the brain.

12. (Man.)

Defn: The loins of a horse, beginning at the place where the hinder
part of the saddle rests. Arris fillet. See under Arris.

=====
Fil"let, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Filleted; p. pr. & vb. n. Filleting.]

Defn: To bind, furnish, or adorn with a fillet.
