FOOD
Food, n. Etym: [OE. fode, AS. foda; akin to Icel. fæ\'eba, fæ\'ebi,
Sw. föda, Dan. & LG. föde, OHG. fatunga, Gr. patei^sthai to eat, and
perh. to Skr. pa to protect, L. pascere to feed, pasture, pabulum
food, E. pasture. *75. Cf. Feed, Fodder food, Foster to cherish.]

1. What is fed upon; that which goes to support life by being
received within, and assimilated by, the organism of an animal or a
plant; nutriment; aliment; especially, what is eaten by animals for
nourishment.

Note: In a physiological sense, true aliment is to be distinguished
as that portion of the food which is capable of being digested and
absorbed into the blood, thus furnishing nourishment, in distinction
from the indigestible matter which passes out through the alimentary
canal as fæces.

Note: Foods are divided into two main groups: nitrogenous, or
proteid, foods, i.e., those which contain nitrogen, and
nonnitrogenous, i.e., those which do not contain nitrogen. The latter
group embraces the fats and carbohydrates, which collectively are
sometimes termed heat producers or respiratory foods, since by
oxidation in the body they especially subserve the production of
heat. The proteids, on the other hand, are known as plastic foods or
tissue formers, since no tissue can be formed without them. These
latter terms, however, are misleading, since proteid foods may also
give rise to heat both directly and indirectly, and the fats and
carbohydrates are useful in other ways than in producing heat.

2. Anything that instructs the intellect, excites the feelings, or
molds habits of character; that which nourishes.
This may prove food to my displeasure. Shak.
In this moment there is life and food For future years. Wordsworth.

Note: Food is often used adjectively or in self-explaining compounds,
as in food fish or food-fish, food supply. Food vacuole (Zoöl.), one
of the spaces in the interior of a protozoan in which food is
contained, during digestion.
 -- Food yolk. (Biol.) See under Yolk.

Syn.
 -- Aliment; sustenance; nutriment; feed; fare; victuals; provisions;
meat.
FOOD

=====
Food, v. t.

Defn: To supply with food. [Obs.] Baret.

=====
Food, n. Etym: [OE. fode, AS. foda; akin to Icel. fæ\'eba, fæ\'ebi,
Sw. föda, Dan. & LG. föde, OHG. fatunga, Gr. patei^sthai to eat, and
perh. to Skr. pa to protect, L. pascere to feed, pasture, pabulum
food, E. pasture. *75. Cf. Feed, Fodder food, Foster to cherish.]

1. What is fed upon; that which goes to support life by being
received within, and assimilated by, the organism of an animal or a
plant; nutriment; aliment; especially, what is eaten by animals for
nourishment.

Note: In a physiological sense, true aliment is to be distinguished
as that portion of the food which is capable of being digested and
absorbed into the blood, thus furnishing nourishment, in distinction
from the indigestible matter which passes out through the alimentary
canal as fæces.

Note: Foods are divided into two main groups: nitrogenous, or
proteid, foods, i.e., those which contain nitrogen, and
nonnitrogenous, i.e., those which do not contain nitrogen. The latter
group embraces the fats and carbohydrates, which collectively are
sometimes termed heat producers or respiratory foods, since by
oxidation in the body they especially subserve the production of
heat. The proteids, on the other hand, are known as plastic foods or
tissue formers, since no tissue can be formed without them. These
latter terms, however, are misleading, since proteid foods may also
give rise to heat both directly and indirectly, and the fats and
carbohydrates are useful in other ways than in producing heat.

2. Anything that instructs the intellect, excites the feelings, or
molds habits of character; that which nourishes.
This may prove food to my displeasure. Shak.
In this moment there is life and food For future years. Wordsworth.

Note: Food is often used adjectively or in self-explaining compounds,
as in food fish or food-fish, food supply. Food vacuole (Zoöl.), one
of the spaces in the interior of a protozoan in which food is
contained, during digestion.
 -- Food yolk. (Biol.) See under Yolk.

Syn.
 -- Aliment; sustenance; nutriment; feed; fare; victuals; provisions;
meat.

=====
Food, v. t.

Defn: To supply with food. [Obs.] Baret.
