FOREST
For"est, n. Etym: [OF. forest, F. forêt, LL. forestis, also,
forestus, forestum, foresta, prop., open ground reserved for the
chase, fr. L. foris, foras, out of doors, abroad. See Foreign.]

1. An extensive wood; a large tract of land covered with trees; in
the United States, a wood of native growth, or a tract of woodland
which has never been cultivated.

2. (Eng. Law)

Defn: A large extent or precinct of country, generally waste and
woody, belonging to the sovereign, set apart for the keeping of game
for his use, not inclosed, but distinguished by certain limits, and
protected by certain laws, courts, and officers of its own. Burrill.
FOREST

=====
For"est, a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a forest; sylvan. Forest fly. (Zoöl.) (a)
One of numerous species of blood-sucking flies, of the family
Tabanidæ, which attack both men and beasts. See Horse fly. (b) A fly
of the genus Hippobosca, esp. H. equina. See Horse tick.
 -- Forest glade, a grassy space in a forest. Thomson.
 -- Forest laws, laws for the protection of game, preservation of
timber, etc., in forests.
 -- Forest tree, a tree of the forest, especially a timber tree, as
distinguished from a fruit tree.
FOREST

=====
For"est, v. t.

Defn: To cover with trees or wood.

=====
For"est, n. Etym: [OF. forest, F. forêt, LL. forestis, also,
forestus, forestum, foresta, prop., open ground reserved for the
chase, fr. L. foris, foras, out of doors, abroad. See Foreign.]

1. An extensive wood; a large tract of land covered with trees; in
the United States, a wood of native growth, or a tract of woodland
which has never been cultivated.

2. (Eng. Law)

Defn: A large extent or precinct of country, generally waste and
woody, belonging to the sovereign, set apart for the keeping of game
for his use, not inclosed, but distinguished by certain limits, and
protected by certain laws, courts, and officers of its own. Burrill.

=====
For"est, a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a forest; sylvan. Forest fly. (Zoöl.) (a)
One of numerous species of blood-sucking flies, of the family
Tabanidæ, which attack both men and beasts. See Horse fly. (b) A fly
of the genus Hippobosca, esp. H. equina. See Horse tick.
 -- Forest glade, a grassy space in a forest. Thomson.
 -- Forest laws, laws for the protection of game, preservation of
timber, etc., in forests.
 -- Forest tree, a tree of the forest, especially a timber tree, as
distinguished from a fruit tree.

=====
For"est, v. t.

Defn: To cover with trees or wood.
