FREEZE
Freeze, n. (Arch.)

Defn: A frieze. [Obs.]
FREEZE

=====
Freeze, v. i. [imp. Froze; p. p. Frozen; p. pr. & vb. n. Freezing.]
Etym: [OE. fresen, freosen, AS. freósan; akin to D. vriezen, OHG.
iosan, G. frieren, Icel. frjsa, Sw. frysa, Dan. fryse, Goth. frius
cold, frost, and prob. to L. prurire to itch, E. prurient, cf. L.
prna a burning coal, pruina hoarfrost, Skr. prushva ice, prush to
spirt. Frost.]

1. To become congealed by cold; to be changed from a liquid to a
solid state by the abstraction of heat; to be hardened into ice or a
like solid body.

Note: Water freezes at 32º above zero by Fahrenheit's thermometer;
mercury freezes at 40º below zero.

2. To become chilled with cold, or as with cold; to suffer loss of
animation or life by lack of heat; as, the blood freezes in the
veins. To freeze up (Fig.), to become formal and cold in demeanor.
[Colloq.]
FREEZE

=====
Freeze, v. t.

1. To congeal; to harden into ice; to convert from a fluid to a solid
form by cold, or abstraction of heat.

2. To cause loss of animation or life in, from lack of heat; to give
the sensation of cold to; to chill.
A faint, cold fear runs through my veins, That almost freezes up the
heat of life. Shak.
FREEZE

=====
Freeze, n.

Defn: The act of congealing, or the state of being congealed.
[Colloq.]

=====
Freeze, n. (Arch.)

Defn: A frieze. [Obs.]

=====
Freeze, v. i. [imp. Froze; p. p. Frozen; p. pr. & vb. n. Freezing.]
Etym: [OE. fresen, freosen, AS. freósan; akin to D. vriezen, OHG.
iosan, G. frieren, Icel. frjsa, Sw. frysa, Dan. fryse, Goth. frius
cold, frost, and prob. to L. prurire to itch, E. prurient, cf. L.
prna a burning coal, pruina hoarfrost, Skr. prushva ice, prush to
spirt. Frost.]

1. To become congealed by cold; to be changed from a liquid to a
solid state by the abstraction of heat; to be hardened into ice or a
like solid body.

Note: Water freezes at 32º above zero by Fahrenheit's thermometer;
mercury freezes at 40º below zero.

2. To become chilled with cold, or as with cold; to suffer loss of
animation or life by lack of heat; as, the blood freezes in the
veins. To freeze up (Fig.), to become formal and cold in demeanor.
[Colloq.]

=====
Freeze, v. t.

1. To congeal; to harden into ice; to convert from a fluid to a solid
form by cold, or abstraction of heat.

2. To cause loss of animation or life in, from lack of heat; to give
the sensation of cold to; to chill.
A faint, cold fear runs through my veins, That almost freezes up the
heat of life. Shak.

=====
Freeze, n.

Defn: The act of congealing, or the state of being congealed.
[Colloq.]
