FROCK
Frock, n. Etym: [F. froc a monk's cowl, coat, garment, LL. frocus,
froccus, flocus, floccus, fr. L. floccus a flock of wool; hence
orig., a flocky cloth or garment;cf. L. flaccus flabby, E. flaccid.]

1. A loose outer garment; especially, a gown forming a part of
European modern costume for women and children; also, a coarse
hirtlike garment worn by some workmen over their ther clothes; a
smock frock; as, a marketman's frock.

2. A coarse gown worn by monks or friars, and supposed to take the
place of all, or nearly all, other garments. It has a hood which can
be drawn over the head at pleasure, and is girded by a cord. Frock
coat, a body coat for men, usually doublebreasted, the skirts not
being in one piece with the body, but sewed on so as to be somewhat
full.
 -- Smock frock. See in the Vocabulary.
FROCK

=====
Frock, v. t.

1. To clothe in a frock.

2. To make a monk of. Cf. Unfrock.

=====
Frock, n. Etym: [F. froc a monk's cowl, coat, garment, LL. frocus,
froccus, flocus, floccus, fr. L. floccus a flock of wool; hence
orig., a flocky cloth or garment;cf. L. flaccus flabby, E. flaccid.]

1. A loose outer garment; especially, a gown forming a part of
European modern costume for women and children; also, a coarse
hirtlike garment worn by some workmen over their ther clothes; a
smock frock; as, a marketman's frock.

2. A coarse gown worn by monks or friars, and supposed to take the
place of all, or nearly all, other garments. It has a hood which can
be drawn over the head at pleasure, and is girded by a cord. Frock
coat, a body coat for men, usually doublebreasted, the skirts not
being in one piece with the body, but sewed on so as to be somewhat
full.
 -- Smock frock. See in the Vocabulary.

=====
Frock, v. t.

1. To clothe in a frock.

2. To make a monk of. Cf. Unfrock.
