FURNISH
Fur"nish, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Furnished; p. pr. & vb. n. Furnishing.]
Etym: [OF. furnir, fornir, to furnish, finish, F. fournir; akin to
Pr. formir, furmir, fromir, to accomplish, satisfy, fr. OHG. frumjan
to further, execute, do, akin to E. frame. See Frame, v. t., and -
ish.]

1. To supply with anything necessary, useful, or appropriate; to
provide; to equip; to fit out, or fit up; to adorn; as, to furnish a
family with provisions; to furnish one with arms for defense; to
furnish a Cable; to furnish the mind with ideas; to furnish one with
knowledge or principles; to furnish an expedition or enterprise, a
room or a house.
That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all
good works. 2 Tim. iii. 17,

2. To offer for use; to provide (something); to give (something); to
afford; as, to furnish food to the hungry: to furnish arms for
defense.
Ye are they . . . that furnish the drink offering unto that number.
Is. lxv. 11.
His writings and his life furnish abundant proofs that he was not a
man of strong sense. Macaulay.
FURNISH

=====
Fur"nish, n.

Defn: That which is furnished as a specimen; a sample; a supply.
[Obs.] Greene.

=====
Fur"nish, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Furnished; p. pr. & vb. n. Furnishing.]
Etym: [OF. furnir, fornir, to furnish, finish, F. fournir; akin to
Pr. formir, furmir, fromir, to accomplish, satisfy, fr. OHG. frumjan
to further, execute, do, akin to E. frame. See Frame, v. t., and -
ish.]

1. To supply with anything necessary, useful, or appropriate; to
provide; to equip; to fit out, or fit up; to adorn; as, to furnish a
family with provisions; to furnish one with arms for defense; to
furnish a Cable; to furnish the mind with ideas; to furnish one with
knowledge or principles; to furnish an expedition or enterprise, a
room or a house.
That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all
good works. 2 Tim. iii. 17,

2. To offer for use; to provide (something); to give (something); to
afford; as, to furnish food to the hungry: to furnish arms for
defense.
Ye are they . . . that furnish the drink offering unto that number.
Is. lxv. 11.
His writings and his life furnish abundant proofs that he was not a
man of strong sense. Macaulay.

=====
Fur"nish, n.

Defn: That which is furnished as a specimen; a sample; a supply.
[Obs.] Greene.
