GEM
Gem, n. Etym: [OE. gemme precious stone, F. gemme, fr. L. gemma a
precious stone, bud.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: A bud.
From the joints of thy prolific stem A swelling knot is raised called
a gem. Denham.

2. A precious stone of any kind, as the ruby, emerald, topaz,
sapphire, beryl, spinel, etc., especially when cut and polished for
ornament; a jewel. Milton.

3. Anything of small size, or expressed within brief limits, which is
regarded as a gem on account of its beauty or value, as a small
picture, a verse of poetry, a witty or wise saying. Artificial gem,
an imitation of a gem, made of glass colored with metallic oxide. Cf.
Paste, and Strass.
GEM

=====
Gem v. t. [imp. & p. p. Gemmed; p. pr. & vb. n. Gemming]

1. To put forth in the form of buds. "Gemmed their blossoms." [R.]
Milton.

2. To adorn with gems or precious stones.

3. To embellish or adorn, as with gems; as, a foliage gemmed with
dewdrops.
England is . . . gemmed with castles and palaces. W. Irving.

=====
Gem, n. Etym: [OE. gemme precious stone, F. gemme, fr. L. gemma a
precious stone, bud.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: A bud.
From the joints of thy prolific stem A swelling knot is raised called
a gem. Denham.

2. A precious stone of any kind, as the ruby, emerald, topaz,
sapphire, beryl, spinel, etc., especially when cut and polished for
ornament; a jewel. Milton.

3. Anything of small size, or expressed within brief limits, which is
regarded as a gem on account of its beauty or value, as a small
picture, a verse of poetry, a witty or wise saying. Artificial gem,
an imitation of a gem, made of glass colored with metallic oxide. Cf.
Paste, and Strass.

=====
Gem v. t. [imp. & p. p. Gemmed; p. pr. & vb. n. Gemming]

1. To put forth in the form of buds. "Gemmed their blossoms." [R.]
Milton.

2. To adorn with gems or precious stones.

3. To embellish or adorn, as with gems; as, a foliage gemmed with
dewdrops.
England is . . . gemmed with castles and palaces. W. Irving.
