GLIDE
Glide, n. (Zoöl.)

Defn: The glede or kite.
GLIDE

=====
Glide, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Glided; p. pr. & vb. n. Gliding.] Etym:
[AS. glidan; akin to D. glijden, OHG. glitan, G. gleiten, Sw. glida,
Dan. glide, and prob. to E. glad.]

1. To move gently and smoothly; to pass along without noise,
violence, or apparent effort; to pass rapidly and easily, or with a
smooth, silent motion, as a river in its channel, a bird in the air,
a skater over ice.
The river glideth at his own sweet will. Wordsworth.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: To pass with a glide, as the voice.
GLIDE

=====
Glide, n.

1. The act or manner of moving smoothly, swiftly, and without labor
or obstruction.
They prey at last ensnared, he dreadful darts, With rapid glide,
along the leaning line. Thomson.
Seeing Orlando, it unlink'd itself, And with indented glides did slip
away. Shak.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: A transitional sound in speech which is produced by the
changing of the mouth organs from one definite position to another,
and with gradual change in the most frequent cases; as in passing
from the begining to the end of a regular diphthong, or from vowel to
consonant or consonant to vowel in a syllable, or from one component
to the other of a double or diphthongal consonant (see Guide to
Pronunciation, §§ 19, 161, 162). Also (by Bell and others), the
vanish (or brief final element) or the brief initial element, in a
class of diphthongal vowels, or the brief final or initial part of
some consonants (see Guide to Pronunciation, §§ 18, 97, 191).

Note: The on-glide of a vowel or consonant is the glidemade in
passing to it, the off-glide, one made in passing from it. Glides of
the other sort are distinguished as initial or final, or fore-glides
and after-glides. For voice-glide, see Guide to Pronunciation, §§ 17,
95.

=====
Glide, n. (Zoöl.)

Defn: The glede or kite.

=====
Glide, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Glided; p. pr. & vb. n. Gliding.] Etym:
[AS. glidan; akin to D. glijden, OHG. glitan, G. gleiten, Sw. glida,
Dan. glide, and prob. to E. glad.]

1. To move gently and smoothly; to pass along without noise,
violence, or apparent effort; to pass rapidly and easily, or with a
smooth, silent motion, as a river in its channel, a bird in the air,
a skater over ice.
The river glideth at his own sweet will. Wordsworth.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: To pass with a glide, as the voice.

=====
Glide, n.

1. The act or manner of moving smoothly, swiftly, and without labor
or obstruction.
They prey at last ensnared, he dreadful darts, With rapid glide,
along the leaning line. Thomson.
Seeing Orlando, it unlink'd itself, And with indented glides did slip
away. Shak.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: A transitional sound in speech which is produced by the
changing of the mouth organs from one definite position to another,
and with gradual change in the most frequent cases; as in passing
from the begining to the end of a regular diphthong, or from vowel to
consonant or consonant to vowel in a syllable, or from one component
to the other of a double or diphthongal consonant (see Guide to
Pronunciation, §§ 19, 161, 162). Also (by Bell and others), the
vanish (or brief final element) or the brief initial element, in a
class of diphthongal vowels, or the brief final or initial part of
some consonants (see Guide to Pronunciation, §§ 18, 97, 191).

Note: The on-glide of a vowel or consonant is the glidemade in
passing to it, the off-glide, one made in passing from it. Glides of
the other sort are distinguished as initial or final, or fore-glides
and after-glides. For voice-glide, see Guide to Pronunciation, §§ 17,
95.
