GORE
Gore, n. Etym: [AS. gor dirt, dung; akin to Icel. gor, SW. gorr, OHG.
gor, and perh. to E. cord, chord, and yarn; cf. Icel. görn, garnir,
guts.]

1. Dirt; mud. [Obs.] Bp. Fisher.

2. Blood; especially, blood that after effusion has become thick or
clotted. Milton.
GORE

=====
Gore, n. Etym: [OE. gore, gare, AS. g angular point of land, fr. g
spear; akin to D. geer gore, G. gehre gore, ger spear, Icel. geiri
gore, geir spear, and prob. to E. goad. Cf. Gar, n., Garlic, and
Gore, v.]

1. A wedgeshaped or triangular piece of cloth, canvas, etc., sewed
into a garment, sail, etc., to give greater width at a particular
part.

2. A small traingular piece of land. Cowell.

3. (Her.)

Defn: One of the abatements. It is made of two curved lines, meeting
in an acute angle in the fesse point.

Note: It is usually on the sinister side, and of the tincture called
tenné. Like the other abatements it is a modern fancy and not
actually used.
GORE

=====
Gore, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Gored; p. pr. & vb. n. Goring.] Etym: [OE.
gar spear, AS. g. See 2d Gore.]

Defn: To pierce or wound, as with a horn; to penetrate with a pointed
instrument, as a spear; to stab.
The low stumps shall gore His daintly feet. Coleridge.
GORE

=====
Gore, v. t.

Defn: To cut in a traingular form; to piece with a gore; to provide
with a gore; as, to gore an apron.

=====
Gore, n. Etym: [AS. gor dirt, dung; akin to Icel. gor, SW. gorr, OHG.
gor, and perh. to E. cord, chord, and yarn; cf. Icel. görn, garnir,
guts.]

1. Dirt; mud. [Obs.] Bp. Fisher.

2. Blood; especially, blood that after effusion has become thick or
clotted. Milton.

=====
Gore, n. Etym: [OE. gore, gare, AS. g angular point of land, fr. g
spear; akin to D. geer gore, G. gehre gore, ger spear, Icel. geiri
gore, geir spear, and prob. to E. goad. Cf. Gar, n., Garlic, and
Gore, v.]

1. A wedgeshaped or triangular piece of cloth, canvas, etc., sewed
into a garment, sail, etc., to give greater width at a particular
part.

2. A small traingular piece of land. Cowell.

3. (Her.)

Defn: One of the abatements. It is made of two curved lines, meeting
in an acute angle in the fesse point.

Note: It is usually on the sinister side, and of the tincture called
tenné. Like the other abatements it is a modern fancy and not
actually used.

=====
Gore, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Gored; p. pr. & vb. n. Goring.] Etym: [OE.
gar spear, AS. g. See 2d Gore.]

Defn: To pierce or wound, as with a horn; to penetrate with a pointed
instrument, as a spear; to stab.
The low stumps shall gore His daintly feet. Coleridge.

=====
Gore, v. t.

Defn: To cut in a traingular form; to piece with a gore; to provide
with a gore; as, to gore an apron.
