GRAPE
Grape, n. Etym: [OF. grape, crape, bunch or cluster of grapes, F.
grappe, akin to F. grappin grapnel, hook; fr. OHG. chrapfo hook, G.
krapfen, akin to E. cramp. The sense seems to have come from the idea
of clutching. Cf. Agraffe, Cramp, Grapnel, Grapple.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: A well-known edible berry growing in pendent clusters or
bunches on the grapevine. The berries are smooth-skinned, have a
juicy pulp, and are cultivated in great quantities for table use and
for making wine and raisins.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: The plant which bears this fruit; the grapevine.

3. (Man.)

Defn: A mangy tumor on the leg of a horse.

4. (Mil.)

Defn: Grapeshot. Grape borer. (Zoöl.) See Vine borer.
 -- Grape curculio (Zoöl.), a minute black weevil (Craponius
inæqualis) which in the larval state eats the interior of grapes.
 -- Grape flower, or Grape hyacinth (Bot.), a liliaceous plant
(Muscari racemosum) with small blue globular flowers in a dense
raceme.
 -- Grape fungus (Bot.), a fungus (Oidium Tuckeri) on grapevines;
vine mildew.
 -- Grape hopper (Zoöl.), a Small yellow and red hemipterous insect,
often very injurious to the leaves of the grapevine.
 -- Grape moth (Zoöl.), a small moth (Eudemis botrana), which in the
larval state eats the interior of grapes, and often binds them
together with silk.
 -- Grape of a cannon, the cascabel or knob at the breech.
 -- Grape sugar. See Glucose.
 -- Grape worm (Zoöl.), the larva of the grape moth.
 -- Soar grapes, things which persons affect to despise because they
can not possess them; -- in allusion to

=====
Grape, n. Etym: [OF. grape, crape, bunch or cluster of grapes, F.
grappe, akin to F. grappin grapnel, hook; fr. OHG. chrapfo hook, G.
krapfen, akin to E. cramp. The sense seems to have come from the idea
of clutching. Cf. Agraffe, Cramp, Grapnel, Grapple.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: A well-known edible berry growing in pendent clusters or
bunches on the grapevine. The berries are smooth-skinned, have a
juicy pulp, and are cultivated in great quantities for table use and
for making wine and raisins.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: The plant which bears this fruit; the grapevine.

3. (Man.)

Defn: A mangy tumor on the leg of a horse.

4. (Mil.)

Defn: Grapeshot. Grape borer. (Zoöl.) See Vine borer.
 -- Grape curculio (Zoöl.), a minute black weevil (Craponius
inæqualis) which in the larval state eats the interior of grapes.
 -- Grape flower, or Grape hyacinth (Bot.), a liliaceous plant
(Muscari racemosum) with small blue globular flowers in a dense
raceme.
 -- Grape fungus (Bot.), a fungus (Oidium Tuckeri) on grapevines;
vine mildew.
 -- Grape hopper (Zoöl.), a Small yellow and red hemipterous insect,
often very injurious to the leaves of the grapevine.
 -- Grape moth (Zoöl.), a small moth (Eudemis botrana), which in the
larval state eats the interior of grapes, and often binds them
together with silk.
 -- Grape of a cannon, the cascabel or knob at the breech.
 -- Grape sugar. See Glucose.
 -- Grape worm (Zoöl.), the larva of the grape moth.
 -- Soar grapes, things which persons affect to despise because they
can not possess them; -- in allusion to
