GUTTER
Gut"ter, n. Etym: [OE. gotere, OF. goutiere, F. gouttière, fr. OF.
gote, goute, drop, F. goutte, fr. L. gutta.]

1. A channel at the eaves of a roof for conveying away the rain; an
eaves channel; an eaves trough.

2. A small channel at the roadside or elsewhere, to lead off surface
water.
Gutters running with ale. Macaulay.

3. Any narrow channel or groove; as, a gutter formed by erosion in
the vent of a gun from repeated firing. Gutter member (Arch.), an
architectural member made by treating the outside face of the gutter
in a decorative fashion, or by crowning it with ornaments, regularly
spaced, like a diminutive battlement.
 -- Gutter plane, a carpenter's plane with a rounded bottom for
planing out gutters.
 -- Gutter snipe, a neglected boy running at large; a street Arab.
[Slang] -- Gutter stick (Printing), one of the pieces of furniture
which separate pages in a form.
GUTTER

=====
Gut*ter, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Guttered; p. pr. & vb. n. Guttering.]

1. To cut or form into small longitudinal hollows; to channel. Shak.

2. To supply with a gutter or gutters. [R.] Dryden.
GUTTER

=====
Gut"ter, v. i.

Defn: To become channeled, as a candle when the flame flares in the
wind.

=====
Gut"ter, n. Etym: [OE. gotere, OF. goutiere, F. gouttière, fr. OF.
gote, goute, drop, F. goutte, fr. L. gutta.]

1. A channel at the eaves of a roof for conveying away the rain; an
eaves channel; an eaves trough.

2. A small channel at the roadside or elsewhere, to lead off surface
water.
Gutters running with ale. Macaulay.

3. Any narrow channel or groove; as, a gutter formed by erosion in
the vent of a gun from repeated firing. Gutter member (Arch.), an
architectural member made by treating the outside face of the gutter
in a decorative fashion, or by crowning it with ornaments, regularly
spaced, like a diminutive battlement.
 -- Gutter plane, a carpenter's plane with a rounded bottom for
planing out gutters.
 -- Gutter snipe, a neglected boy running at large; a street Arab.
[Slang] -- Gutter stick (Printing), one of the pieces of furniture
which separate pages in a form.

=====
Gut*ter, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Guttered; p. pr. & vb. n. Guttering.]

1. To cut or form into small longitudinal hollows; to channel. Shak.

2. To supply with a gutter or gutters. [R.] Dryden.

=====
Gut"ter, v. i.

Defn: To become channeled, as a candle when the flame flares in the
wind.
