HATE
Hate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Hated; p. pr. & pr. & vb. n. Hating.] Etym:
[OE. haten, hatien, AS. hatian; akin to OS. hatan, hat to be hostile
to, D. haten to hate, OHG. hazz, hazz, G. hassen, Icel. & Sw. hata,
Dan. hade, Goth. hatan, hatian. . Cf. Hate, n., Heinous.]

1. To have a great aversion to, with a strong desire that evil should
befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; to dislike
intensely; to detest; as, to hate one's enemies; to hate hypocrisy.
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer. 1 John iii. 15.

2. To be very unwilling; followed by an infinitive, or a substantive
clause with that; as, to hate to get into debt; to hate that anything
should be wasted.
I hate that he should linger here. Tennyson.

3. (Script.)

Defn: To love less, relatively. Luke xiv. 26.

Syn.
 -- To Hate, Abhor, Detest, Abominate, Loathe. Hate is the generic
word, and implies that one is inflamed with extreme dislike. We abhor
what is deeply repugnant to our sensibilities or feelings. We detest
what contradicts so utterly our principles and moral sentiments that
we feel bound to lift up our voice against it. What we abominate does
equal violence to our moral and religious sentiments. What we loathe
is offensive to our own nature, and excites unmingled disgust. Our
Savior is said to have hated the deeds of the Nicolaitanes; his
language shows that he loathed the lukewarmness of the Laodiceans; he
detested the hypocrisy of the scribes and Pharisees; he abhorred the
suggestions of the tempter in the wilderness.
HATE

=====
Hate, n. Etym: [OE. hate, hete, AS. hete; akin to D. haat, G. hass,
Icel. hatr, SW. hat, Dan. had, Goth. hatis. Cf. Hate, v.]

Defn: Strong aversion coupled with desire that evil should befall the
person toward whom the feeling is directed; as exercised toward
things, intense dislike; hatred; detestation; -- opposed to love.
For in a wink the false love turns to hate. Tennyson.

=====
Hate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Hated; p. pr. & pr. & vb. n. Hating.] Etym:
[OE. haten, hatien, AS. hatian; akin to OS. hatan, hat to be hostile
to, D. haten to hate, OHG. hazz, hazz, G. hassen, Icel. & Sw. hata,
Dan. hade, Goth. hatan, hatian. . Cf. Hate, n., Heinous.]

1. To have a great aversion to, with a strong desire that evil should
befall the person toward whom the feeling is directed; to dislike
intensely; to detest; as, to hate one's enemies; to hate hypocrisy.
Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer. 1 John iii. 15.

2. To be very unwilling; followed by an infinitive, or a substantive
clause with that; as, to hate to get into debt; to hate that anything
should be wasted.
I hate that he should linger here. Tennyson.

3. (Script.)

Defn: To love less, relatively. Luke xiv. 26.

Syn.
 -- To Hate, Abhor, Detest, Abominate, Loathe. Hate is the generic
word, and implies that one is inflamed with extreme dislike. We abhor
what is deeply repugnant to our sensibilities or feelings. We detest
what contradicts so utterly our principles and moral sentiments that
we feel bound to lift up our voice against it. What we abominate does
equal violence to our moral and religious sentiments. What we loathe
is offensive to our own nature, and excites unmingled disgust. Our
Savior is said to have hated the deeds of the Nicolaitanes; his
language shows that he loathed the lukewarmness of the Laodiceans; he
detested the hypocrisy of the scribes and Pharisees; he abhorred the
suggestions of the tempter in the wilderness.

=====
Hate, n. Etym: [OE. hate, hete, AS. hete; akin to D. haat, G. hass,
Icel. hatr, SW. hat, Dan. had, Goth. hatis. Cf. Hate, v.]

Defn: Strong aversion coupled with desire that evil should befall the
person toward whom the feeling is directed; as exercised toward
things, intense dislike; hatred; detestation; -- opposed to love.
For in a wink the false love turns to hate. Tennyson.
