HERALD
Her"ald, n. Etym: [OE. herald, heraud, OF. heralt, heraut, herault,
F. héraut, LL. heraldus, haraldus, fr. (assumed) OHG. heriwalto,
hariwaldo, a (civil) officer who serves the army; hari, heri, army +
waltan to manage, govern, G. walten; akin to E. wield. See Harry,
Wield.]

1. (Antiq.)

Defn: An officer whose business was to denounce or proclaim war, to
challenge to battle, to proclaim peace, and to bear messages from the
commander of an army. He was invested with a sacred and inviolable
character.

2. In the Middle Ages, the officer charged with the above duties, and
also with the care of genealogies, of the rights and privileges of
noble families, and especially of armorial bearings. In modern times,
some vestiges of this office remain, especially in England. See
Heralds' College (below), and King-at-Arms.

3. A proclaimer; one who, or that which, publishes or announces; as,
the herald of another's fame. Shak.

4. A forerunner; a a precursor; a harbinger.
It was the lark, the herald of the morn. Shak.

5. Any messenger. "My herald is returned." Shak. Heralds' College, in
England, an ancient corporation, dependent upon the crown, instituted
or perhaps recognized by Richard III. in 1483, consisting of the
three Kings-at-Arms and the Chester, Lancaster, Richmond, Somerset,
Windsor, and York Heralds, together with the Earl Marshal. This
retains from the Middle Ages the charge of the armorial bearings of
persons privileged to bear them, as well as of genealogies and
kindred subjects; -- called also College of Arms.
HERALD

=====
Her"ald, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Heralded; p. pr. & vb. n. Heralding.]
Etym: [Cf. OF. herauder, heraulder.]

Defn: To introduce, or give tidings of, as by a herald; to proclaim;
to announce; to foretell; to usher in. Shak.

=====
Her"ald, n. Etym: [OE. herald, heraud, OF. heralt, heraut, herault,
F. héraut, LL. heraldus, haraldus, fr. (assumed) OHG. heriwalto,
hariwaldo, a (civil) officer who serves the army; hari, heri, army +
waltan to manage, govern, G. walten; akin to E. wield. See Harry,
Wield.]

1. (Antiq.)

Defn: An officer whose business was to denounce or proclaim war, to
challenge to battle, to proclaim peace, and to bear messages from the
commander of an army. He was invested with a sacred and inviolable
character.

2. In the Middle Ages, the officer charged with the above duties, and
also with the care of genealogies, of the rights and privileges of
noble families, and especially of armorial bearings. In modern times,
some vestiges of this office remain, especially in England. See
Heralds' College (below), and King-at-Arms.

3. A proclaimer; one who, or that which, publishes or announces; as,
the herald of another's fame. Shak.

4. A forerunner; a a precursor; a harbinger.
It was the lark, the herald of the morn. Shak.

5. Any messenger. "My herald is returned." Shak. Heralds' College, in
England, an ancient corporation, dependent upon the crown, instituted
or perhaps recognized by Richard III. in 1483, consisting of the
three Kings-at-Arms and the Chester, Lancaster, Richmond, Somerset,
Windsor, and York Heralds, together with the Earl Marshal. This
retains from the Middle Ages the charge of the armorial bearings of
persons privileged to bear them, as well as of genealogies and
kindred subjects; -- called also College of Arms.

=====
Her"ald, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Heralded; p. pr. & vb. n. Heralding.]
Etym: [Cf. OF. herauder, heraulder.]

Defn: To introduce, or give tidings of, as by a herald; to proclaim;
to announce; to foretell; to usher in. Shak.
