HORNET
Hor"net, n. Etym: [AS. hyrnet; akin to OHG. hornaz, hornuz, G.
horniss; perh. akin to E. horn, and named from the sound it makes as
if blowing the horn; but more prob. akin to D. horzel, Lith.
szirszone, L. crabo.] (Zoöl.)

Defn: A large, strong wasp. The European species (Vespa crabro) is of
a dark brown and yellow color. It is very pugnacious, and its sting
is very severe. Its nest is constructed of a paperlike material, and
the layers of comb are hung together by columns. The American white-
faced hornet (V. maculata) is larger and has similar habits. Hornet
fly (Zoöl.), any dipterous insect of the genus Asilus, and allied
genera, of which there are numerous species. They are large and
fierce flies which capture bees and other insects, often larger than
themselves, and suck their blood. Called also hawk fly, robber fly.
 -- To stir up a hornet's nest, to provoke the attack of a swarm of
spiteful enemies or spirited critics. [Colloq.]

=====
Hor"net, n. Etym: [AS. hyrnet; akin to OHG. hornaz, hornuz, G.
horniss; perh. akin to E. horn, and named from the sound it makes as
if blowing the horn; but more prob. akin to D. horzel, Lith.
szirszone, L. crabo.] (Zoöl.)

Defn: A large, strong wasp. The European species (Vespa crabro) is of
a dark brown and yellow color. It is very pugnacious, and its sting
is very severe. Its nest is constructed of a paperlike material, and
the layers of comb are hung together by columns. The American white-
faced hornet (V. maculata) is larger and has similar habits. Hornet
fly (Zoöl.), any dipterous insect of the genus Asilus, and allied
genera, of which there are numerous species. They are large and
fierce flies which capture bees and other insects, often larger than
themselves, and suck their blood. Called also hawk fly, robber fly.
 -- To stir up a hornet's nest, to provoke the attack of a swarm of
spiteful enemies or spirited critics. [Colloq.]
