HOSPITAL
Hos"pi*tal, n. Etym: [OF. hospital, ospital, F. hôpital, LL.
hospitale (or perh. E. hospital is directly from the Late Latin),
from L. hospitalis relating to a guest, hospitalia apartments for
guests, fr. hospes guest. See Host a landlord, and cf. Hostel, Hotel,
Spital.]

1. A place for shelter or entertainment; an inn. [Obs.] Spenser.

2. A building in which the sick, injured, or infirm are received and
treated; a public or private institution founded for reception and
cure, or for the refuge, of persons diseased in body or mind, or
disabled, infirm, or dependent, and in which they are treated either
at their own expense, or more often by charity in whole or in part; a
tent, building, or other place where the sick or wounded of an army
cared for. Hospital ship, a vessel fitted up for a floating hospital.
 -- Hospital Sunday, a Sunday set apart for simultaneous contribution
in churches to hospitals; as, the London Hospital Sunday.
HOSPITAL

=====
Hos"pi*tal, a. Etym: [L. hospitalis: cf. OF. hospital.]

Defn: Hospitable. [Obs.] Howell.

=====
Hos"pi*tal, n. Etym: [OF. hospital, ospital, F. hôpital, LL.
hospitale (or perh. E. hospital is directly from the Late Latin),
from L. hospitalis relating to a guest, hospitalia apartments for
guests, fr. hospes guest. See Host a landlord, and cf. Hostel, Hotel,
Spital.]

1. A place for shelter or entertainment; an inn. [Obs.] Spenser.

2. A building in which the sick, injured, or infirm are received and
treated; a public or private institution founded for reception and
cure, or for the refuge, of persons diseased in body or mind, or
disabled, infirm, or dependent, and in which they are treated either
at their own expense, or more often by charity in whole or in part; a
tent, building, or other place where the sick or wounded of an army
cared for. Hospital ship, a vessel fitted up for a floating hospital.
 -- Hospital Sunday, a Sunday set apart for simultaneous contribution
in churches to hospitals; as, the London Hospital Sunday.

=====
Hos"pi*tal, a. Etym: [L. hospitalis: cf. OF. hospital.]

Defn: Hospitable. [Obs.] Howell.
