HUNDRED
Hun"dred, n. Etym: [OE. hundred, AS. hundred a territorial division;
hund hundred + a word akin to Goth. ga-ra to count, L. ratio
reckoning, account; akin to OS. hunderod, hund, D. hondred, G.
hundert, OHG. also hunt, Icel. hundra, Dan. hundrede, Sw. hundra,
hundrade, Goth. hund, Lith. szimtas, Russ. sto, W. cant, Ir. cead, L.
centum, Gr. çata. sq. root309. Cf. Cent, Century, Hecatomb, Quintal,
and Reason.]

1. The product of ten mulitplied by ten, or the number of ten times
ten; a collection or sum, consisting of ten times ten units or
objects; five score. Also, a symbol representing one hundred units,
as 100 or C.
With many hundreds treading on his heels. Shak.

Note: The word hundred, as well as thousand, million, etc., often
takes a plural form. We may say hundreds, or many hundreds, meaning
individual objects or units, but with an ordinal numeral adjective in
constructions like five hundreds, or eight hundreds, it is usually
intended to consider each hundred as a separate aggregate; as, ten
hundreds are one thousand.

2. A division of a country in England, supposed to have originally
contained a hundred families, or freemen. Hundred court, a court held
for all the inhabitants of a hundred. [Eng.] Blackstone.
HUNDRED

=====
Hun"dred, a.

Defn: Ten times ten; five score; as, a hundred dollars.

=====
Hun"dred, n. Etym: [OE. hundred, AS. hundred a territorial division;
hund hundred + a word akin to Goth. ga-ra to count, L. ratio
reckoning, account; akin to OS. hunderod, hund, D. hondred, G.
hundert, OHG. also hunt, Icel. hundra, Dan. hundrede, Sw. hundra,
hundrade, Goth. hund, Lith. szimtas, Russ. sto, W. cant, Ir. cead, L.
centum, Gr. çata. sq. root309. Cf. Cent, Century, Hecatomb, Quintal,
and Reason.]

1. The product of ten mulitplied by ten, or the number of ten times
ten; a collection or sum, consisting of ten times ten units or
objects; five score. Also, a symbol representing one hundred units,
as 100 or C.
With many hundreds treading on his heels. Shak.

Note: The word hundred, as well as thousand, million, etc., often
takes a plural form. We may say hundreds, or many hundreds, meaning
individual objects or units, but with an ordinal numeral adjective in
constructions like five hundreds, or eight hundreds, it is usually
intended to consider each hundred as a separate aggregate; as, ten
hundreds are one thousand.

2. A division of a country in England, supposed to have originally
contained a hundred families, or freemen. Hundred court, a court held
for all the inhabitants of a hundred. [Eng.] Blackstone.

=====
Hun"dred, a.

Defn: Ten times ten; five score; as, a hundred dollars.
