HYPOTHESIS
Hy*poth"e*sis, n.; pl. Hypotheses. Etym: [NL., fr. Gr. Hypo-,
Thesis.]

1. A supposition; a proposition or principle which is supposed or
taken for granted, in order to draw a conclusion or inference for
proof of the point in question; something not proved, but assumed for
the purpose of argument, or to account for a fact or an occurrence;
as, the hypothesis that head winds detain an overdue steamer.
An hypothesis being a mere supposition, there are no other limits to
hypotheses than those of the human imagination. J. S. Mill.

2. (Natural Science)

Defn: A tentative theory or supposition provisionally adopted to
explain certain facts, and to guide in the investigation of others;
hence, frequently called a working hypothesis.

Syn.
 -- Supposition; assumption. See Theory. Nebular hypothesis. See
under Nebular.

=====
Hy*poth"e*sis, n.; pl. Hypotheses. Etym: [NL., fr. Gr. Hypo-,
Thesis.]

1. A supposition; a proposition or principle which is supposed or
taken for granted, in order to draw a conclusion or inference for
proof of the point in question; something not proved, but assumed for
the purpose of argument, or to account for a fact or an occurrence;
as, the hypothesis that head winds detain an overdue steamer.
An hypothesis being a mere supposition, there are no other limits to
hypotheses than those of the human imagination. J. S. Mill.

2. (Natural Science)

Defn: A tentative theory or supposition provisionally adopted to
explain certain facts, and to guide in the investigation of others;
hence, frequently called a working hypothesis.

Syn.
 -- Supposition; assumption. See Theory. Nebular hypothesis. See
under Nebular.
