ILLUMINATE
Il*lu"mi*nate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Illuminated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Illuminating.] Etym: [L. illuminatus, p.p. of illuminare; pref. il-
in + luminare to enlighten, fr. lumen light. See Luminous, and cf.
Illume, Illumine, Enlimn, Limn.]

1. To make light; to throw light on; to supply with light, literally
or figuratively; to brighten.

2. To light up; to decorate with artificial lights, as a building or
city, in token of rejoicing or respect.

3. To adorn, as a book or page with borders, initial letters, or
miniature pictures in colors and gold, as was done in manuscripts of
the Middle Ages.

4. To make plain or clear; to dispel the obscurity to by knowledge or
reason; to explain; to elucidate; as, to illuminate a text, a
problem, or a duty.
ILLUMINATE

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, v. i.

Defn: To light up in token or rejoicing.
ILLUMINATE

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, a. Etym: [L. illuminatus, p.p.]

Defn: Enlightened. Bp. Hall.
ILLUMINATE

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, n.

Defn: One who enlightened; esp., a pretender to extraordinary light
and knowledge.

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Illuminated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Illuminating.] Etym: [L. illuminatus, p.p. of illuminare; pref. il-
in + luminare to enlighten, fr. lumen light. See Luminous, and cf.
Illume, Illumine, Enlimn, Limn.]

1. To make light; to throw light on; to supply with light, literally
or figuratively; to brighten.

2. To light up; to decorate with artificial lights, as a building or
city, in token of rejoicing or respect.

3. To adorn, as a book or page with borders, initial letters, or
miniature pictures in colors and gold, as was done in manuscripts of
the Middle Ages.

4. To make plain or clear; to dispel the obscurity to by knowledge or
reason; to explain; to elucidate; as, to illuminate a text, a
problem, or a duty.

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, v. i.

Defn: To light up in token or rejoicing.

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, a. Etym: [L. illuminatus, p.p.]

Defn: Enlightened. Bp. Hall.

=====
Il*lu"mi*nate, n.

Defn: One who enlightened; esp., a pretender to extraordinary light
and knowledge.
