INCANDESCENT
In`can*des"cent, a. Etym: [L. incandecens, -entis, p. pr. of
incandescere to become warm or hot; pref. in- in + candescere to
become of a glittering whiteness, to become red hot, incho. fr.
candere to be of a glittering whiteness: cf. F. incandescent. See
Candle.]

Defn: White, glowing, or luminous, with intense heat; as,
incandescent carbon or platinum; hence, clear; shining; brilliant.
Holy Scripture become resplendent; or, as one might say, incandescent
throughout. I. Taylor.
Incandescent lamp or light (Elec.), a kind of lamp in which the light
is produced by a thin filament of conducting material, usually
carbon, contained in a vacuum, and heated to incandescence by an
electric current, as in the Edison lamp; -- called also incandescence
lamp, and glowlamp.

=====
In`can*des"cent, a. Etym: [L. incandecens, -entis, p. pr. of
incandescere to become warm or hot; pref. in- in + candescere to
become of a glittering whiteness, to become red hot, incho. fr.
candere to be of a glittering whiteness: cf. F. incandescent. See
Candle.]

Defn: White, glowing, or luminous, with intense heat; as,
incandescent carbon or platinum; hence, clear; shining; brilliant.
Holy Scripture become resplendent; or, as one might say, incandescent
throughout. I. Taylor.
Incandescent lamp or light (Elec.), a kind of lamp in which the light
is produced by a thin filament of conducting material, usually
carbon, contained in a vacuum, and heated to incandescence by an
electric current, as in the Edison lamp; -- called also incandescence
lamp, and glowlamp.
