INDENT
In*dent", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Indented; p. pr. & vb. n. Indenting.]
Etym: [OE. endenten to notch, fit in, OF. endenter, LL. indentare,
fr. L. in + dens, dentis, tooth. See Tooth, and cf. Indenture.]

1. To notch; to jag; to cut into points like a row of teeth; as, to
indent the edge of paper.

2. To dent; to stamp or to press in; to impress; as, indent a smooth
surface with a hammer; to indent wax with a stamp.

3. Etym: [Cf. Indenture.]

Defn: To bind out by indenture or contract; to indenture; to
apprentice; as, to indent a young man to a shoemaker; to indent a
servant.

4. (Print.)

Defn: To begin (a line or lines) at a greater or less distance from
the margin; as, to indent the first line of a paragraph one em; to
indent the second paragraph two ems more than the first. See
Indentation, and Indention.

5. (Mil.)

Defn: To make an order upon; to draw upon, as for military stores.
[India] Wilhelm.
INDENT

=====
In*dent", v. i.

1. To be cut, notched, or dented.

2. To crook or turn; to wind in and out; to zigzag.

3. To contract; to bargain or covenant. Shak.
To indent and drive bargains with the Almighty. South.
INDENT

=====
In*dent", n.

1. A cut or notch in the man gin of anything, or a recess like a
notch. Shak.

2. A stamp; an impression. [Obs.]

3. A certificate, or intended certificate, issued by the government
of the United States at the close of the Revolution, for the
principal or interest of the public debt. D. Ramsay. A. Hamilton.

4. (Mil.)

Defn: A requisition or order for supplies, sent to the commissariat
of an army. [India] Wilhelm.

=====
In*dent", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Indented; p. pr. & vb. n. Indenting.]
Etym: [OE. endenten to notch, fit in, OF. endenter, LL. indentare,
fr. L. in + dens, dentis, tooth. See Tooth, and cf. Indenture.]

1. To notch; to jag; to cut into points like a row of teeth; as, to
indent the edge of paper.

2. To dent; to stamp or to press in; to impress; as, indent a smooth
surface with a hammer; to indent wax with a stamp.

3. Etym: [Cf. Indenture.]

Defn: To bind out by indenture or contract; to indenture; to
apprentice; as, to indent a young man to a shoemaker; to indent a
servant.

4. (Print.)

Defn: To begin (a line or lines) at a greater or less distance from
the margin; as, to indent the first line of a paragraph one em; to
indent the second paragraph two ems more than the first. See
Indentation, and Indention.

5. (Mil.)

Defn: To make an order upon; to draw upon, as for military stores.
[India] Wilhelm.

=====
In*dent", v. i.

1. To be cut, notched, or dented.

2. To crook or turn; to wind in and out; to zigzag.

3. To contract; to bargain or covenant. Shak.
To indent and drive bargains with the Almighty. South.

=====
In*dent", n.

1. A cut or notch in the man gin of anything, or a recess like a
notch. Shak.

2. A stamp; an impression. [Obs.]

3. A certificate, or intended certificate, issued by the government
of the United States at the close of the Revolution, for the
principal or interest of the public debt. D. Ramsay. A. Hamilton.

4. (Mil.)

Defn: A requisition or order for supplies, sent to the commissariat
of an army. [India] Wilhelm.
