INNOMINATE
In*nom"i*nate, a. Etym: [L. innominatus; pref. in- not + nominare to
name.]

1. Having no name; unnamed; as, an innominate person or place. [R.]
Ray.

2. (Anat.)

Defn: A term used in designating many parts otherwise unnamed; as,
the innominate artery, a great branch of the arch of the aorta; the
innominate vein, a great branch of the superior vena cava. Innominate
bone (Anat.), the great bone which makes a lateral half of the pelvis
in mammals; hip bone; haunch bone; huckle bone. It is composed of
three bones, ilium, ischium, and pubis, consolidated into one in the
adult, though separate in the fetus, as also in many adult reptiles
and amphibians.
 -- Innominate contracts (Law), in the Roman law, contracts without a
specific name.

=====
In*nom"i*nate, a. Etym: [L. innominatus; pref. in- not + nominare to
name.]

1. Having no name; unnamed; as, an innominate person or place. [R.]
Ray.

2. (Anat.)

Defn: A term used in designating many parts otherwise unnamed; as,
the innominate artery, a great branch of the arch of the aorta; the
innominate vein, a great branch of the superior vena cava. Innominate
bone (Anat.), the great bone which makes a lateral half of the pelvis
in mammals; hip bone; haunch bone; huckle bone. It is composed of
three bones, ilium, ischium, and pubis, consolidated into one in the
adult, though separate in the fetus, as also in many adult reptiles
and amphibians.
 -- Innominate contracts (Law), in the Roman law, contracts without a
specific name.
