LAKE
Lake, n. Etym: [F. laque, fr. Per. See Lac.]

Defn: A pigment formed by combining some coloring matter, usually by
precipitation, with a metallic oxide or earth, esp. with aluminium
hydrate; as, madder lake; Florentine lake; yellow lake, etc.
LAKE

=====
Lake, n. Etym: [Cf. G. laken.]

Defn: A kind of fine white linen, formerly in use. [Obs.] Chaucer.
LAKE

=====
Lake, v. i. Etym: [AS. lacan, læcan, to spring, jump, lac play,
sport, or fr. Icel. leika to play, sport; both akin to Goth. laikan
to dance. sq. root120. Cf. Knowledge.]

Defn: To play; to sport. [Prov. Eng.]
LAKE

=====
Lake, n. Etym: [AS. lac, L. lacus; akin to AS. lagu lake, sea, Icel.
lögr; OIr. loch; cf. Gr. Loch, Lough.]

Defn: A large body of water contained in a depression of the earth's
surface, and supplied from the drainage of a more or less extended
area.

Note: Lakes are for the most part of fresh water; the salt lakes,
like the Great Salt Lake of Utah, have usually no outlet to the
ocean. Lake dwellers (Ethnol.), people of a prehistoric race, or
races, which inhabited different parts of Europe. Their dwellings
were built on piles in lakes, a short distance from the shore. Their
relics are common in the lakes of Switzerland.
 -- Lake dwellings (Archæol.), dwellings built over a lake, sometimes
on piles, and sometimes on rude foundations kept in place by piles;
specifically, such dwellings of prehistoric times. Lake dwellings are
still used by many savage tribes. Called also lacustrine dwellings.
See Crannog.
 -- Lake fly (Zoöl.), any one of numerous species of dipterous flies
of the genus Chironomus. In form they resemble mosquitoes, but they
do not bite. The larvæ live in lakes.
 -- Lake herring (Zoöl.), the cisco (Coregonus Artedii).
 -- Lake poets, Lake school, a collective name originally applied in
contempt, but now in honor, to Southey, Coleridge, and Wordsworth,
who lived in the lake country of Cumberland, England, Lamb and a few
others were classed with these by hostile critics. Called also lakers
and lakists.
 -- Lake sturgeon (Zoöl.), a sturgeon (Acipenser rubicundus), of
moderate size, found in the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River. It
is used as food.
 -- Lake trout (Zoöl.), any one of several species of trout and
salmon; in Europe, esp. Salmo fario; in the United States, esp.
Salvelinus namaycush of the Great Lakes, and of various lakes in New
York, Eastern Maine, and Canada. A large variety of brook trout (S.
fontinalis), inhabiting many lakes in New England, is also called
lake trout. See Namaycush.
 -- Lake whitefish. (Zoöl.) See Whitefish.
 -- Lake whiting (Zoöl.), an American whitefish (Coregonus
Labradoricus), found in many lakes in the Northern United States and
Canada. It is more slender than the common whitefish.

=====
Lake, n. Etym: [F. laque, fr. Per. See Lac.]

Defn: A pigment formed by combining some coloring matter, usually by
precipitation, with a metallic oxide or earth, esp. with aluminium
hydrate; as, madder lake; Florentine lake; yellow lake, etc.

=====
Lake, n. Etym: [Cf. G. laken.]

Defn: A kind of fine white linen, formerly in use. [Obs.] Chaucer.

=====
Lake, v. i. Etym: [AS. lacan, læcan, to spring, jump, lac play,
sport, or fr. Icel. leika to play, sport; both akin to Goth. laikan
to dance. sq. root120. Cf. Knowledge.]

Defn: To play; to sport. [Prov. Eng.]

=====
Lake, n. Etym: [AS. lac, L. lacus; akin to AS. lagu lake, sea, Icel.
lögr; OIr. loch; cf. Gr. Loch, Lough.]

Defn: A large body of water contained in a depression of the earth's
surface, and supplied from the drainage of a more or less extended
area.

Note: Lakes are for the most part of fresh water; the salt lakes,
like the Great Salt Lake of Utah, have usually no outlet to the
ocean. Lake dwellers (Ethnol.), people of a prehistoric race, or
races, which inhabited different parts of Europe. Their dwellings
were built on piles in lakes, a short distance from the shore. Their
relics are common in the lakes of Switzerland.
 -- Lake dwellings (Archæol.), dwellings built over a lake, sometimes
on piles, and sometimes on rude foundations kept in place by piles;
specifically, such dwellings of prehistoric times. Lake dwellings are
still used by many savage tribes. Called also lacustrine dwellings.
See Crannog.
 -- Lake fly (Zoöl.), any one of numerous species of dipterous flies
of the genus Chironomus. In form they resemble mosquitoes, but they
do not bite. The larvæ live in lakes.
 -- Lake herring (Zoöl.), the cisco (Coregonus Artedii).
 -- Lake poets, Lake school, a collective name originally applied in
contempt, but now in honor, to Southey, Coleridge, and Wordsworth,
who lived in the lake country of Cumberland, England, Lamb and a few
others were classed with these by hostile critics. Called also lakers
and lakists.
 -- Lake sturgeon (Zoöl.), a sturgeon (Acipenser rubicundus), of
moderate size, found in the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River. It
is used as food.
 -- Lake trout (Zoöl.), any one of several species of trout and
salmon; in Europe, esp. Salmo fario; in the United States, esp.
Salvelinus namaycush of the Great Lakes, and of various lakes in New
York, Eastern Maine, and Canada. A large variety of brook trout (S.
fontinalis), inhabiting many lakes in New England, is also called
lake trout. See Namaycush.
 -- Lake whitefish. (Zoöl.) See Whitefish.
 -- Lake whiting (Zoöl.), an American whitefish (Coregonus
Labradoricus), found in many lakes in the Northern United States and
Canada. It is more slender than the common whitefish.
