LAME
Lame, a. [Compar. Lamer; superl. Lamest.] Etym: [OE. lame, AS. lama;
akin to D. lam, G. lahm,OHG., Dan., & Sw. lam, Icel. lami, Russ.
lomate to break, lomota rheumatism.]

1.
(a) Moving with pain or difficulty on account of injury, defect, or
temporary obstruction of a function; as, a lame leg, arm, or muscle.
(b) To some degree disabled by reason of the imperfect action of a
limb; crippled; as, a lame man. "Lame of one leg." Arbuthnot. "Lame
in both his feet." 2 Sam. ix. 13. "He fell, and became lame." 2 Sam.
iv. 4.

2. Hence, hobbling; limping; inefficient; imperfect. "A lame
endeavor." Barrow.
O, most lame and impotent conclusion! Shak.
Lame duck (stock Exchange), a person who can not fulfill his
contracts. [Cant]
LAME

=====
Lame, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Lamed; p. pr. & vb. n. Laming.]

Defn: To make lame.
If you happen to let child fall and lame it. Swift.

=====
Lame, a. [Compar. Lamer; superl. Lamest.] Etym: [OE. lame, AS. lama;
akin to D. lam, G. lahm,OHG., Dan., & Sw. lam, Icel. lami, Russ.
lomate to break, lomota rheumatism.]

1.
(a) Moving with pain or difficulty on account of injury, defect, or
temporary obstruction of a function; as, a lame leg, arm, or muscle.
(b) To some degree disabled by reason of the imperfect action of a
limb; crippled; as, a lame man. "Lame of one leg." Arbuthnot. "Lame
in both his feet." 2 Sam. ix. 13. "He fell, and became lame." 2 Sam.
iv. 4.

2. Hence, hobbling; limping; inefficient; imperfect. "A lame
endeavor." Barrow.
O, most lame and impotent conclusion! Shak.
Lame duck (stock Exchange), a person who can not fulfill his
contracts. [Cant]

=====
Lame, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Lamed; p. pr. & vb. n. Laming.]

Defn: To make lame.
If you happen to let child fall and lame it. Swift.
