LATHE
Lathe, n. Etym: [AS.læedh. Of. uncertain origin.]

Defn: Formerly, a part or division of a county among the Anglo-
Saxons. At present it consists of four or five hundreds, and is
confined to the county of Kent. [Written also lath.] Brande & C.
LATHE

=====
Lathe, n. Etym: [OE. lathe a granary; akin to G. lade a chest, Icel.
hlaedha a storehouse, barn; but cf. also Icel. löedh a smith's lathe.
Senses 2 and 3 are perh. of the same origin as lathe a granary, the
original meaning being, a frame to hold something. If so, the word is
from an older form of E. lade to load. See Lade to load.]

1. A granary; a barn. [Obs.] Chaucer.

2. (Mach.)

Defn: A machine for turning, that is, for shaping articles of wood,
metal, or other material, by causing them to revolve while acted upon
by a cutting tool.

3. The movable swing frame of a loom, carrying the reed for
separating the warp threads and beating up the weft; -- called also
lay and batten. Blanchard lathe, a lathe for turning irregular forms
after a given pattern, as lasts, gunstocks, and the like.
 -- Drill lathe, or Speed lathe, a small lathe which, from its high
speed, is adapted for drilling; a hand lathe.
 -- Engine lathe, a turning lathe in which the cutting tool has an
automatic feed; -- used chiefly for turning and boring metals,
cutting screws, etc.
 -- Foot lathe, a lathe which is driven by a treadle worked by the
foot.
 -- Geometric lathe. See under Geometric -- Hand lathe, a lathe
operated by hand; a power turning lathe without an automatic feed for
the tool.
 -- Slide lathe, an engine lathe.
 -- Throw lathe, a small lathe worked by one hand, while the cutting
tool is held in the other.

=====
Lathe, n. Etym: [AS.læedh. Of. uncertain origin.]

Defn: Formerly, a part or division of a county among the Anglo-
Saxons. At present it consists of four or five hundreds, and is
confined to the county of Kent. [Written also lath.] Brande & C.

=====
Lathe, n. Etym: [OE. lathe a granary; akin to G. lade a chest, Icel.
hlaedha a storehouse, barn; but cf. also Icel. löedh a smith's lathe.
Senses 2 and 3 are perh. of the same origin as lathe a granary, the
original meaning being, a frame to hold something. If so, the word is
from an older form of E. lade to load. See Lade to load.]

1. A granary; a barn. [Obs.] Chaucer.

2. (Mach.)

Defn: A machine for turning, that is, for shaping articles of wood,
metal, or other material, by causing them to revolve while acted upon
by a cutting tool.

3. The movable swing frame of a loom, carrying the reed for
separating the warp threads and beating up the weft; -- called also
lay and batten. Blanchard lathe, a lathe for turning irregular forms
after a given pattern, as lasts, gunstocks, and the like.
 -- Drill lathe, or Speed lathe, a small lathe which, from its high
speed, is adapted for drilling; a hand lathe.
 -- Engine lathe, a turning lathe in which the cutting tool has an
automatic feed; -- used chiefly for turning and boring metals,
cutting screws, etc.
 -- Foot lathe, a lathe which is driven by a treadle worked by the
foot.
 -- Geometric lathe. See under Geometric -- Hand lathe, a lathe
operated by hand; a power turning lathe without an automatic feed for
the tool.
 -- Slide lathe, an engine lathe.
 -- Throw lathe, a small lathe worked by one hand, while the cutting
tool is held in the other.
