LATTICE
Lat"tice, n. Etym: [OE. latis, F. lattis lathwork, fr. latte lath.
See Latten, 1st Lath.]

1. Any work of wood or metal, made by crossing laths, or thin strips,
and forming a network; as, the lattice of a window; -- called also
latticework.
The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the
lattice. Judg. v. 28.

2. (Her.)

Defn: The representation of a piece of latticework used as a bearing,
the bands being vertical and horizontal. Lattice bridge, a bridge
supported by lattice girders, or latticework trusses.
 -- Lattice girder (Arch.), a girder of which the wed consists of
diagonal pieces crossing each other in the manner of latticework.
 -- Lattice plant (Bot.), an aquatic plant of Madagascar (Ouvirandra
fenestralis), whose leaves have interstices between their ribs and
cross veins, so as to resemble latticework. A second species is O.
Berneriana. The genus is merged in Aponogeton by recent authors.
LATTICE

=====
Lat"tice, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Latticed; p. pr. & vb. n. Latticing.]

1. To make a lattice of; as, to lattice timbers.

2. To close, as an opening, with latticework; to furnish with a
lattice; as, to lattice a window. To lattice up, to cover or inclose
with a lattice.
Therein it seemeth he [Alexander] hath latticed up Cæsar. Sir T.
North.

=====
Lat"tice, n. Etym: [OE. latis, F. lattis lathwork, fr. latte lath.
See Latten, 1st Lath.]

1. Any work of wood or metal, made by crossing laths, or thin strips,
and forming a network; as, the lattice of a window; -- called also
latticework.
The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the
lattice. Judg. v. 28.

2. (Her.)

Defn: The representation of a piece of latticework used as a bearing,
the bands being vertical and horizontal. Lattice bridge, a bridge
supported by lattice girders, or latticework trusses.
 -- Lattice girder (Arch.), a girder of which the wed consists of
diagonal pieces crossing each other in the manner of latticework.
 -- Lattice plant (Bot.), an aquatic plant of Madagascar (Ouvirandra
fenestralis), whose leaves have interstices between their ribs and
cross veins, so as to resemble latticework. A second species is O.
Berneriana. The genus is merged in Aponogeton by recent authors.

=====
Lat"tice, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Latticed; p. pr. & vb. n. Latticing.]

1. To make a lattice of; as, to lattice timbers.

2. To close, as an opening, with latticework; to furnish with a
lattice; as, to lattice a window. To lattice up, to cover or inclose
with a lattice.
Therein it seemeth he [Alexander] hath latticed up Cæsar. Sir T.
North.
