LAVER
Lav"er, n. Etym: [OE. lavour, F. lavoir, L. lavatorium a washing
place. See Lavatory.]

1. A vessel for washing; a large basin.

2. (Script. Hist.)
(a) A large brazen vessel placed in the court of the Jewish
tabernacle where the officiating priests washed their hands and feet.
(b) One of several vessels in Solomon's Temple in which the offerings
for burnt sacrifices were washed.

3. That which washes or cleanses. J. H. Newman.
LAVER

=====
Lav"er, n. Etym: [From Lave to wash.]

Defn: One who laves; a washer. [Obs.]
LAVER

=====
La"ver, n.

Defn: The fronds of certain marine algæ used as food, and for making
a sauce called laver sauce. Green laver is the Ulva latissima; purlpe
laver, Porphyra laciniata and P. vulgaris. It is prepared by stewing,
either alone or with other vegetables, and with various condiments; -
- called also sloke, or sloakan. Mountain laver (Bot.), a reddish
gelatinous alga of the genus Palmella, found on the sides of
mountains

=====
Lav"er, n. Etym: [OE. lavour, F. lavoir, L. lavatorium a washing
place. See Lavatory.]

1. A vessel for washing; a large basin.

2. (Script. Hist.)
(a) A large brazen vessel placed in the court of the Jewish
tabernacle where the officiating priests washed their hands and feet.
(b) One of several vessels in Solomon's Temple in which the offerings
for burnt sacrifices were washed.

3. That which washes or cleanses. J. H. Newman.

=====
Lav"er, n. Etym: [From Lave to wash.]

Defn: One who laves; a washer. [Obs.]

=====
La"ver, n.

Defn: The fronds of certain marine algæ used as food, and for making
a sauce called laver sauce. Green laver is the Ulva latissima; purlpe
laver, Porphyra laciniata and P. vulgaris. It is prepared by stewing,
either alone or with other vegetables, and with various condiments; -
- called also sloke, or sloakan. Mountain laver (Bot.), a reddish
gelatinous alga of the genus Palmella, found on the sides of
mountains
