LAWN
Lawn, n. Etym: [OE. laund, launde, F. lande heath, moor; of Celtic
origin; cf. W. llan an open, clear place, llawnt a smooth rising
hill, lawn, Armor. lann or lan territory, country, lann a prickly
plant, pl. lannou heath, moor.]

1. An open space between woods. Milton.
"Orchard lawns and bowery hollows." Tennyson.

2. Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with
grass kept closely mown. Lawn mower, a machine for clipping the short
grass of lawns.
 -- Lawn tennis, a variety of the game of tennis, played in the open
air, sometimes upon a lawn, instead of in a tennis court. See Tennis.
LAWN

=====
Lawn, n. Etym: [Earlier laune lynen, i. e., lawn linen; prob. from
the town Laon in France.]

Defn: A very fine linen (or sometimes cotton) fabric with a rather
open texture. Lawn is used for the sleeves of a bishop's official
dress in the English Church, and, figuratively, stands for the office
itself.
A saint in crape is twice in lawn. Pope.

=====
Lawn, n. Etym: [OE. laund, launde, F. lande heath, moor; of Celtic
origin; cf. W. llan an open, clear place, llawnt a smooth rising
hill, lawn, Armor. lann or lan territory, country, lann a prickly
plant, pl. lannou heath, moor.]

1. An open space between woods. Milton.
"Orchard lawns and bowery hollows." Tennyson.

2. Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with
grass kept closely mown. Lawn mower, a machine for clipping the short
grass of lawns.
 -- Lawn tennis, a variety of the game of tennis, played in the open
air, sometimes upon a lawn, instead of in a tennis court. See Tennis.

=====
Lawn, n. Etym: [Earlier laune lynen, i. e., lawn linen; prob. from
the town Laon in France.]

Defn: A very fine linen (or sometimes cotton) fabric with a rather
open texture. Lawn is used for the sleeves of a bishop's official
dress in the English Church, and, figuratively, stands for the office
itself.
A saint in crape is twice in lawn. Pope.
