LIMBER
Lim"ber, n. Etym: [For limmer, Icel. limar branches, boughs, pl. of
lim; akin to E. limb. See Limb a branch.]

1. pl.

Defn: The shafts or thills of a wagon or carriage. [Prov. Eng.]

2. (Mil.)

Defn: The detachable fore part of a gun carriage, consisting of two
wheels, an axle, and a shaft to which the horses are attached. On top
is an ammunition box upon which the cannoneers sit.

3. pl. (Naut.)

Defn: Gutters or conduits on each side of the keelson to afford a
passage for water to the pump well. Limber boards (Naut.), short
pieces of plank forming part of the lining of a ship's floor
immediately above the timbers, so as to prevent the limbers from
becoming clogged.
 -- Limber box or chest (Mil.), a box on the limber for carrying
ammunition.
 -- Limber rope, Limber chain or Limber clearer (Naut.), a rope or
chain passing through the limbers of a ship, by which they may be
cleared of dirt that chokes them. Totten.
 -- Limber strake (Shipbuilding), the first course of inside planking
next the keelson.
LIMBER

=====
Lim"ber v. t. [imp. & p. p. Limbered; p. pr. & vb. n. Limbering.]
(Mil.)

Defn: To attach to the limber; as, to limber a gun. To limber up, to
change a gun carriage into a four-wheeled vehicle by attaching the
limber.
LIMBER

=====
Lim"ber, a. Etym: [Akin to lim, a. Limp, a.]

Defn: Easily bent; flexible; pliant; yielding. Milton.
The bargeman that doth row with long and limber oar. Turbervile.
LIMBER

=====
Lim"ber, v. t.

Defn: To cause to become limber; to make flexible or pliant.
Richardson.

=====
Lim"ber, n. Etym: [For limmer, Icel. limar branches, boughs, pl. of
lim; akin to E. limb. See Limb a branch.]

1. pl.

Defn: The shafts or thills of a wagon or carriage. [Prov. Eng.]

2. (Mil.)

Defn: The detachable fore part of a gun carriage, consisting of two
wheels, an axle, and a shaft to which the horses are attached. On top
is an ammunition box upon which the cannoneers sit.

3. pl. (Naut.)

Defn: Gutters or conduits on each side of the keelson to afford a
passage for water to the pump well. Limber boards (Naut.), short
pieces of plank forming part of the lining of a ship's floor
immediately above the timbers, so as to prevent the limbers from
becoming clogged.
 -- Limber box or chest (Mil.), a box on the limber for carrying
ammunition.
 -- Limber rope, Limber chain or Limber clearer (Naut.), a rope or
chain passing through the limbers of a ship, by which they may be
cleared of dirt that chokes them. Totten.
 -- Limber strake (Shipbuilding), the first course of inside planking
next the keelson.

=====
Lim"ber v. t. [imp. & p. p. Limbered; p. pr. & vb. n. Limbering.]
(Mil.)

Defn: To attach to the limber; as, to limber a gun. To limber up, to
change a gun carriage into a four-wheeled vehicle by attaching the
limber.

=====
Lim"ber, a. Etym: [Akin to lim, a. Limp, a.]

Defn: Easily bent; flexible; pliant; yielding. Milton.
The bargeman that doth row with long and limber oar. Turbervile.

=====
Lim"ber, v. t.

Defn: To cause to become limber; to make flexible or pliant.
Richardson.
