LIQUID
Liq"uid, a. Etym: [L. liquidus, fr. liquere to be fluid or liquid;
cf. Skr. ri to ooze, drop, li to melt.]

1. Flowing freely like water; fluid; not solid.
Yes, though he go upon the plane and liquid water which will receive
no step. Tyndale.

2. (Physics)

Defn: Being in such a state that the component parts move among
themselves, but do not tend to separate from each other as the
particles of gases and vapors do; neither solid nor aëriform; as,
liquid mercury, in distinction from mercury solidified or in a state
of vapor.

3. Flowing or sounding smoothly or without abrupt transitions or
harsh tones. "Liquid melody." Crashaw.

4. Pronounced without any jar or harshness; smooth; as, l and r are
liquid letters.

5. Fluid and transparent; as, the liquid air.

6. Clear; definite in terms or amount.[Obs.] "Though the debt should
be entirely liquid." Ayliffe. Liquid glass. See Soluble glass, under
Glass.
LIQUID

=====
Liq"uid, n.

1. A substance whose parts change their relative position on the
slightest pressure, and therefore retain no definite form; any
substance in the state of liquidity; a fluid that is not aëriform.

Note: Liquid and fluid are terms often used synonymously, but fluid
has the broader signification. All liquids are fluids, but many
fluids, as air and the gases, are not liquids.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: A letter which has a smooth, flowing sound, or which flows
smoothly after a mute; as, l and r, in bla, bra. M and n also are
called liquids. Liquid measure, a measure, or system of measuring,
for liquids, by the gallon, quart, pint, gill, etc.

=====
Liq"uid, a. Etym: [L. liquidus, fr. liquere to be fluid or liquid;
cf. Skr. ri to ooze, drop, li to melt.]

1. Flowing freely like water; fluid; not solid.
Yes, though he go upon the plane and liquid water which will receive
no step. Tyndale.

2. (Physics)

Defn: Being in such a state that the component parts move among
themselves, but do not tend to separate from each other as the
particles of gases and vapors do; neither solid nor aëriform; as,
liquid mercury, in distinction from mercury solidified or in a state
of vapor.

3. Flowing or sounding smoothly or without abrupt transitions or
harsh tones. "Liquid melody." Crashaw.

4. Pronounced without any jar or harshness; smooth; as, l and r are
liquid letters.

5. Fluid and transparent; as, the liquid air.

6. Clear; definite in terms or amount.[Obs.] "Though the debt should
be entirely liquid." Ayliffe. Liquid glass. See Soluble glass, under
Glass.

=====
Liq"uid, n.

1. A substance whose parts change their relative position on the
slightest pressure, and therefore retain no definite form; any
substance in the state of liquidity; a fluid that is not aëriform.

Note: Liquid and fluid are terms often used synonymously, but fluid
has the broader signification. All liquids are fluids, but many
fluids, as air and the gases, are not liquids.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: A letter which has a smooth, flowing sound, or which flows
smoothly after a mute; as, l and r, in bla, bra. M and n also are
called liquids. Liquid measure, a measure, or system of measuring,
for liquids, by the gallon, quart, pint, gill, etc.
