LOBBY
Lob"by, n.; pl. Lobbies. Etym: [LL. lobium, lobia, laubia, a covered
portico fit for walking, fr. OHG.louba, G. laube, arbor. See Lodge.]

1. (Arch.)

Defn: A passage or hall of communication, especially when large
enough to serve also as a waiting room. It differs from an
antechamber in that a lobby communicates between several rooms, an
antechamber to one only; but this distinction is not carefully
preserved.

2. That part of a hall of legislation not appropriated to the
official use of the assembly; hence, the persons, collectively, who
frequent such a place to transact business with the legislators; any
persons, not members of a legislative body, who strive to influence
its proceedings by personal agency. [U.S.]

3. (Naut.)

Defn: An apartment or passageway in the fore part of an old-fashioned
cabin under the quarter-deck.

4. (Agric.)

Defn: A confined place for cattle, formed by hedges. trees, or other
fencing, near the farmyard. Lobby member, a lobbyist. [Humorous cant,
U. S.]
LOBBY

=====
Lob"by, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Lobbied; p. pr. & vb. n. Lobbying.]

Defn: To address or solicit members of a legislative body in the
lobby or elsewhere, with the purpose to influence their votes.[U.S.]
Bartlett.
LOBBY

=====
Lob"by, v. t.

Defn: To urge the adoption or passage of by soliciting members of a
legislative body; as, to lobby a bill. [U.S.]

=====
Lob"by, n.; pl. Lobbies. Etym: [LL. lobium, lobia, laubia, a covered
portico fit for walking, fr. OHG.louba, G. laube, arbor. See Lodge.]

1. (Arch.)

Defn: A passage or hall of communication, especially when large
enough to serve also as a waiting room. It differs from an
antechamber in that a lobby communicates between several rooms, an
antechamber to one only; but this distinction is not carefully
preserved.

2. That part of a hall of legislation not appropriated to the
official use of the assembly; hence, the persons, collectively, who
frequent such a place to transact business with the legislators; any
persons, not members of a legislative body, who strive to influence
its proceedings by personal agency. [U.S.]

3. (Naut.)

Defn: An apartment or passageway in the fore part of an old-fashioned
cabin under the quarter-deck.

4. (Agric.)

Defn: A confined place for cattle, formed by hedges. trees, or other
fencing, near the farmyard. Lobby member, a lobbyist. [Humorous cant,
U. S.]

=====
Lob"by, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Lobbied; p. pr. & vb. n. Lobbying.]

Defn: To address or solicit members of a legislative body in the
lobby or elsewhere, with the purpose to influence their votes.[U.S.]
Bartlett.

=====
Lob"by, v. t.

Defn: To urge the adoption or passage of by soliciting members of a
legislative body; as, to lobby a bill. [U.S.]
