MAJOR
Ma"jor, Etym: [L. major, compar. of magnus great: cf. F. majeur. Cf.
Master, Mayor, Magnitude, More, a.]

1. Greater in number, quantity, or extent; as, the major part of the
assembly; the major part of the revenue; the major part of the
territory.

2. Of greater dignity; more important. Shak.

3. Of full legal age. [Obs.]

4. (Mus.)

Defn: Greater by a semitone, either in interval or in difference of
pitch from another tone. Major axis (Geom.), the greater axis. See
Focus, n., 2.
 -- Major key (Mus.), a key in which one and two, two and three, four
and five, five and six and seven, make major seconds, and three and
four, and seven and eight, make minor seconds.
 -- Major offense (Law), an offense of a greater degree which
contains a lesser offense, as murder and robbery include assault.
 -- Major premise (Logic), that premise of a syllogism which contains
the major term.
 -- Major scale (Mus.), the natural diatonic scale, which has
semitones between the third and fourth, and seventh and fourth, and
seventh and eighth degrees; the scale of the major mode, of which the
third is major. See Scale, and Diatonic.
 -- Major second (Mus.), a second between whose tones is a difference
in pitch of a step.
 -- Major sixth (Mus.), a sixth of four steps and a half step. In
major keys the third and sixth from the key tone are major. Major
keys and intervals, as distinguished from minors, are more cheerful.
 -- Major term (Logic), that term of a syllogism which forms the
predicate of the conclusion.
 -- Major third (Mus.), a third of two steps.
MAJOR

=====
Ma"jor, n. Etym: [F. major. See Major, a.]

1. (Mil.)

Defn: An officer next in rank above a captain and next below a
lieutenant colonel; the lowest field officer.

2. (Law)

Defn: A person of full age.

3. (Logic)

Defn: That premise which contains the major term. It its the first
proposition of a regular syllogism; as: No unholy person is qualified
for happiness in heaven [the major]. Every man in his natural state
is unholy [minor]. Therefore, no man in his natural state is
qualified for happiness in heaven [conclusion or inference].

Note: In hypothetical syllogisms, the hypothetical premise is called
the major.

4. Etym: [LL. See Major.]

Defn: A mayor. [Obs.] Bacon.

=====
Ma"jor, Etym: [L. major, compar. of magnus great: cf. F. majeur. Cf.
Master, Mayor, Magnitude, More, a.]

1. Greater in number, quantity, or extent; as, the major part of the
assembly; the major part of the revenue; the major part of the
territory.

2. Of greater dignity; more important. Shak.

3. Of full legal age. [Obs.]

4. (Mus.)

Defn: Greater by a semitone, either in interval or in difference of
pitch from another tone. Major axis (Geom.), the greater axis. See
Focus, n., 2.
 -- Major key (Mus.), a key in which one and two, two and three, four
and five, five and six and seven, make major seconds, and three and
four, and seven and eight, make minor seconds.
 -- Major offense (Law), an offense of a greater degree which
contains a lesser offense, as murder and robbery include assault.
 -- Major premise (Logic), that premise of a syllogism which contains
the major term.
 -- Major scale (Mus.), the natural diatonic scale, which has
semitones between the third and fourth, and seventh and fourth, and
seventh and eighth degrees; the scale of the major mode, of which the
third is major. See Scale, and Diatonic.
 -- Major second (Mus.), a second between whose tones is a difference
in pitch of a step.
 -- Major sixth (Mus.), a sixth of four steps and a half step. In
major keys the third and sixth from the key tone are major. Major
keys and intervals, as distinguished from minors, are more cheerful.
 -- Major term (Logic), that term of a syllogism which forms the
predicate of the conclusion.
 -- Major third (Mus.), a third of two steps.

=====
Ma"jor, n. Etym: [F. major. See Major, a.]

1. (Mil.)

Defn: An officer next in rank above a captain and next below a
lieutenant colonel; the lowest field officer.

2. (Law)

Defn: A person of full age.

3. (Logic)

Defn: That premise which contains the major term. It its the first
proposition of a regular syllogism; as: No unholy person is qualified
for happiness in heaven [the major]. Every man in his natural state
is unholy [minor]. Therefore, no man in his natural state is
qualified for happiness in heaven [conclusion or inference].

Note: In hypothetical syllogisms, the hypothetical premise is called
the major.

4. Etym: [LL. See Major.]

Defn: A mayor. [Obs.] Bacon.
