MALE
Male, a. Etym: [L. malus. See Malice.]

Defn: Evil; wicked; bad. [Obs.] Marston.
MALE

=====
Male, n.

Defn: Same as Mail, a bag. [Obs.] Chaucer.
MALE

=====
Male, a. Etym: [F. mâle, OF. masle, mascle, fr. L. masculus male,
masculine, dim. of mas a male; possibly akin to E. man. Cf.
Masculine, Marry, v. t.]

1. Of or pertaining to the sex that begets or procreates young, or
(in a wider sense) to the sex that produces spermatozoa, by which the
ova are fertilized; not female; as, male organs.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: Capable of producing fertilization, but not of bearing fruit; -
- said of stamens and antheridia, and of the plants, or parts of
plants, which bear them.

3. Suitable to the male sex; characteristic or suggestive of a male;
masculine; as, male courage.

4. Consisting of males; as, a male choir.

5. (Mech.)

Defn: Adapted for entering another corresponding piece (the female
piece) which is hollow and which it fits; as, a male gauge, for
gauging the size or shape of a hole; a male screw, etc. Male berry
(Bot.), a kind of coffee. See Pea berry.
 -- Male fern (Bot.), a fern of the genus Aspidium (A. Filixmas),
used in medicine as an anthelmintic, esp. against the tapeworm.
Aspidium marginale in America, and A. athamanticum in South Africa,
are used as good substitutes for the male fern in medical practice.
See Female fern, under Female.
 -- Male rhyme, a rhyme in which only the last syllables agree, as
laid, afraid, dismayed. See Female rhyme, under Female.
 -- Male screw (Mech.), a screw having threads upon its exterior
which enter the grooves upon the inside of a corresponding nut or
female screw.
 -- Male thread, the thread of a male screw.
MALE

=====
Male, n.

1. An animal of the male sex.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: A plant bearing only staminate flowers.

=====
Male, a. Etym: [L. malus. See Malice.]

Defn: Evil; wicked; bad. [Obs.] Marston.

=====
Male, n.

Defn: Same as Mail, a bag. [Obs.] Chaucer.

=====
Male, a. Etym: [F. mâle, OF. masle, mascle, fr. L. masculus male,
masculine, dim. of mas a male; possibly akin to E. man. Cf.
Masculine, Marry, v. t.]

1. Of or pertaining to the sex that begets or procreates young, or
(in a wider sense) to the sex that produces spermatozoa, by which the
ova are fertilized; not female; as, male organs.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: Capable of producing fertilization, but not of bearing fruit; -
- said of stamens and antheridia, and of the plants, or parts of
plants, which bear them.

3. Suitable to the male sex; characteristic or suggestive of a male;
masculine; as, male courage.

4. Consisting of males; as, a male choir.

5. (Mech.)

Defn: Adapted for entering another corresponding piece (the female
piece) which is hollow and which it fits; as, a male gauge, for
gauging the size or shape of a hole; a male screw, etc. Male berry
(Bot.), a kind of coffee. See Pea berry.
 -- Male fern (Bot.), a fern of the genus Aspidium (A. Filixmas),
used in medicine as an anthelmintic, esp. against the tapeworm.
Aspidium marginale in America, and A. athamanticum in South Africa,
are used as good substitutes for the male fern in medical practice.
See Female fern, under Female.
 -- Male rhyme, a rhyme in which only the last syllables agree, as
laid, afraid, dismayed. See Female rhyme, under Female.
 -- Male screw (Mech.), a screw having threads upon its exterior
which enter the grooves upon the inside of a corresponding nut or
female screw.
 -- Male thread, the thread of a male screw.

=====
Male, n.

1. An animal of the male sex.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: A plant bearing only staminate flowers.
