MALLOW; MALLOWS
Mal"low, Mal"lows, n. Etym: [OE. malwe, AS. mealwe, fr. L. malva,
akin to Gr. mala`chh; cf. mala`ssein to soften, malako`s soft. Named
either from its softening or relaxing properties, or from its soft
downy leaves. Cf. Mauve, Malachite.] (Bot.)

Defn: A genus of plants (Malva) having mucilaginous qualities. See
Malvaceous.

Note: The flowers of the common mallow (M. sylvestris) are used in
medicine. The dwarf mallow (M. rotundifolia) is a common weed, and
its flattened, dick-shaped fruits are called cheeses by children.
Tree mallow (M. Mauritiana and Lavatera arborea), musk mallow (M.
moschata), rose mallow or hollyhock, and curled mallow (M. crispa),
are less commonly seen. Indian mallow. See Abutilon.
 -- Jew's mallow, a plant (Corchorus olitorius) used as a pot herb by
the Jews of Egypt and Syria.
 -- Marsh mallow. See under Marsh.

=====
Mal"low, Mal"lows, n. Etym: [OE. malwe, AS. mealwe, fr. L. malva,
akin to Gr. mala`chh; cf. mala`ssein to soften, malako`s soft. Named
either from its softening or relaxing properties, or from its soft
downy leaves. Cf. Mauve, Malachite.] (Bot.)

Defn: A genus of plants (Malva) having mucilaginous qualities. See
Malvaceous.

Note: The flowers of the common mallow (M. sylvestris) are used in
medicine. The dwarf mallow (M. rotundifolia) is a common weed, and
its flattened, dick-shaped fruits are called cheeses by children.
Tree mallow (M. Mauritiana and Lavatera arborea), musk mallow (M.
moschata), rose mallow or hollyhock, and curled mallow (M. crispa),
are less commonly seen. Indian mallow. See Abutilon.
 -- Jew's mallow, a plant (Corchorus olitorius) used as a pot herb by
the Jews of Egypt and Syria.
 -- Marsh mallow. See under Marsh.
