MARQUE
Marque, n. Etym: [F. marque, in lettre de marque letter of marque, a
commission with which the commandant of every armed vessel was
obliged to be provided, under penalty of being considered a pirate or
corsair; marque here prob. meaning, border, boundary (the letter of
marque being a permission to go beyond the border), and of German
origin. See March border.] (Law)

Defn: A license to pass the limits of a jurisdiction, or boundary of
a country, for the purpose of making reprisals. Letters of marque,
Letters of marque and reprisal, a license or extraordinary commission
granted by a government to a private person to fit out a privateer or
armed ship to cruise at sea and make prize of the enemy's ships and
merchandise. The ship so commissioned is sometimes called a letter of
marque.

=====
Marque, n. Etym: [F. marque, in lettre de marque letter of marque, a
commission with which the commandant of every armed vessel was
obliged to be provided, under penalty of being considered a pirate or
corsair; marque here prob. meaning, border, boundary (the letter of
marque being a permission to go beyond the border), and of German
origin. See March border.] (Law)

Defn: A license to pass the limits of a jurisdiction, or boundary of
a country, for the purpose of making reprisals. Letters of marque,
Letters of marque and reprisal, a license or extraordinary commission
granted by a government to a private person to fit out a privateer or
armed ship to cruise at sea and make prize of the enemy's ships and
merchandise. The ship so commissioned is sometimes called a letter of
marque.
