MASH
Mash, n.

Defn: A mesh. [Obs.]
MASH

=====
Mash, n. Etym: [Akin to G. meisch, maisch, meische, maische, mash,
wash, and prob. to AS. miscian to mix. See Mix.]

1. A mass of mixed ingredients reduced to a soft pulpy state by
beating or pressure; a mass of anything in a soft pulpy state.
Specifically (Brewing), ground or bruised malt, or meal of rye,
wheat, corn, or other grain (or a mixture of malt and meal) steeped
and stirred in hot water for making the wort.

2. A mixture of meal or bran and water fed to animals.

3. A mess; trouble. [Obs.] Beau. & Fl. Mash tun, a large tub used in
making mash and wort.
MASH

=====
Mash, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Mashed; p. pr. & vb. n. Mashing.] Etym:
[Akin to G. meischen, maischen, to mash, mix, and prob. to mischen,
E. mix. See 2d Mash.]

Defn: To convert into a mash; to reduce to a soft pulpy state by
beating or pressure; to bruise; to crush; as, to mash apples in a
mill, or potatoes with a pestle. Specifically (Brewing), to convert,
as malt, or malt and meal, into the mash which makes wort. Mashing
tub, a tub for making the mash in breweries and distilleries; --
called also mash tun, and mash vat.

=====
Mash, n.

Defn: A mesh. [Obs.]

=====
Mash, n. Etym: [Akin to G. meisch, maisch, meische, maische, mash,
wash, and prob. to AS. miscian to mix. See Mix.]

1. A mass of mixed ingredients reduced to a soft pulpy state by
beating or pressure; a mass of anything in a soft pulpy state.
Specifically (Brewing), ground or bruised malt, or meal of rye,
wheat, corn, or other grain (or a mixture of malt and meal) steeped
and stirred in hot water for making the wort.

2. A mixture of meal or bran and water fed to animals.

3. A mess; trouble. [Obs.] Beau. & Fl. Mash tun, a large tub used in
making mash and wort.

=====
Mash, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Mashed; p. pr. & vb. n. Mashing.] Etym:
[Akin to G. meischen, maischen, to mash, mix, and prob. to mischen,
E. mix. See 2d Mash.]

Defn: To convert into a mash; to reduce to a soft pulpy state by
beating or pressure; to bruise; to crush; as, to mash apples in a
mill, or potatoes with a pestle. Specifically (Brewing), to convert,
as malt, or malt and meal, into the mash which makes wort. Mashing
tub, a tub for making the mash in breweries and distilleries; --
called also mash tun, and mash vat.
