MATERIALIZE
Ma*te"ri*al*ize, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Materialized; p. pr. & vb. n.
Materializing.] Etym: [Cf. F. matérialiser.]

1. To invest wich material characteristics; to make perceptible to
the senses; hence, to present to the mind through the medium of
material objects.
Having wich wonderful art and beauty materialized, if I may so call
it, a scheme of abstracted notions, and clothed the most nice,
refined conceptions of philosophy in sensible images. Tatler.

2. To regard as matter; to consider or explain by the laws or
principles which are appropriate to matter.

3. To cause to assume a character appropriate to material things; to
occupy with material interests; as, to materialize thought.

4. (Spiritualism)

Defn: To make visable in, or as in, a material form; -- said of
spirits.
A female spirit form temporarily materialized, and not
distinguishable from a human being. Epes Sargent.
MATERIALIZE

=====
Ma*te"ri*al*ize, v. i.

Defn: To appear as a material form; to take substantial shape.
[Colloq.]

=====
Ma*te"ri*al*ize, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Materialized; p. pr. & vb. n.
Materializing.] Etym: [Cf. F. matérialiser.]

1. To invest wich material characteristics; to make perceptible to
the senses; hence, to present to the mind through the medium of
material objects.
Having wich wonderful art and beauty materialized, if I may so call
it, a scheme of abstracted notions, and clothed the most nice,
refined conceptions of philosophy in sensible images. Tatler.

2. To regard as matter; to consider or explain by the laws or
principles which are appropriate to matter.

3. To cause to assume a character appropriate to material things; to
occupy with material interests; as, to materialize thought.

4. (Spiritualism)

Defn: To make visable in, or as in, a material form; -- said of
spirits.
A female spirit form temporarily materialized, and not
distinguishable from a human being. Epes Sargent.

=====
Ma*te"ri*al*ize, v. i.

Defn: To appear as a material form; to take substantial shape.
[Colloq.]
