MILD
Mild, a. [Compar. Milder; superl. Mildest.] Etym: [AS. milde; akin to
OS. mildi, D. & G. mild, OHG. milti, Icel. mildr, Sw. & Dan. mild,
Goth. milds; cf. Lith. melas dear, Gr.

Defn: Gentle; pleasant; kind; soft; bland; clement; hence, moderate
in degree or quality; -- the opposite of harsh, severe, irritating,
violent, disagreeable, etc.; -- applied to persons and things; as, a
mild disposition; a mild eye; a mild air; a mild medicine; a mild
insanity.
The rosy morn resigns her light And milder glory to the noon. Waller.
Adore him as a mild and merciful Being. Rogers.
Mild, or Low, steel, steel that has but little carbon in it and is
not readily hardened.

Syn.
 -- Soft; gentle; bland; calm; tranquil; soothing; pleasant; placid;
meek; kind; tender; indulgent; clement; mollifying; lenitive;
assuasive. See Gentle.

=====
Mild, a. [Compar. Milder; superl. Mildest.] Etym: [AS. milde; akin to
OS. mildi, D. & G. mild, OHG. milti, Icel. mildr, Sw. & Dan. mild,
Goth. milds; cf. Lith. melas dear, Gr.

Defn: Gentle; pleasant; kind; soft; bland; clement; hence, moderate
in degree or quality; -- the opposite of harsh, severe, irritating,
violent, disagreeable, etc.; -- applied to persons and things; as, a
mild disposition; a mild eye; a mild air; a mild medicine; a mild
insanity.
The rosy morn resigns her light And milder glory to the noon. Waller.
Adore him as a mild and merciful Being. Rogers.
Mild, or Low, steel, steel that has but little carbon in it and is
not readily hardened.

Syn.
 -- Soft; gentle; bland; calm; tranquil; soothing; pleasant; placid;
meek; kind; tender; indulgent; clement; mollifying; lenitive;
assuasive. See Gentle.
