MOOR
Moor, n. Etym: [F. More, Maure, L. Maurus a Moor, a Mauritanian, an
inhabitant of Mauritania, Gr. Morris a dance, Morocco.]

1. One of a mixed race inhabiting Morocco, Algeria, Tunis, and
Tripoli, chiefly along the coast and in towns.

2. (Hist.)

Defn: Any individual of the swarthy races of Africa or Asia which
have adopted the Mohammedan religion. "In Spanish history the terms
Moors, Saracens, and Arabs are synonymous." Internat. Cyc.
MOOR

=====
Moor, n. Etym: [OE. mor, AS. mor moor, morass; akin to D. moer moor,
G. moor, and prob. to Goth. marei sea, E. mere. See Mere a lake.]

1. An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a
poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a
heath.
In her girlish age she kept sheep on the moor. Carew.

2. A game preserve consisting of moorland. Moor buzzard (Zoöl.), the
marsh harrier. [Prov. Eng.] -- Moor coal (Geol.), a friable variety
of lignite.
 -- Moor cock (Zoöl.), the male of the moor fowl or red grouse of
Europe.
 -- Moor coot. (Zoöl.) See Gallinule.
 -- Moor fowl. (Zoöl.) (a) The European ptarmigan, or red grouse
(Lagopus Scoticus). (b) The European heath grouse. See under Heath.
 -- Moor game. (Zoöl.) Same as Moor fowl (above).
 -- Moor grass (Bot.), a tufted perennial grass (Sesleria cærulea),
found in mountain pastures of Europe.
 -- Moor hawk (Zoöl.), the marsh harrier.
 -- Moor hen. (Zoöl.) (a) The female of the moor fowl. (b) A
gallinule, esp. the European species. See Gallinule. (c) An
Australian rail (Tribonyx ventralis).
 -- Moor monkey (Zoöl.), the black macaque of Borneo (Macacus
maurus).
 -- Moor titling (Zoöl.), the European stonechat (Pratinocola
rubicola).
MOOR

=====
Moor, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Moored; p. pr. & vb. n. Mooring.] Etym:
[Prob. fr. D. marren to tie, fasten, or moor a ship. See Mar.]

1. (Naut.)

Defn: To fix or secure, as a vessel, in a particular place by casting
anchor, or by fastening with cables or chains; as, the vessel was
moored in the stream; they moored the boat to the wharf.

2. Fig.: To secure, or fix firmly. Brougham.
MOOR

=====
Moor, v. i.

Defn: To cast anchor; to become fast.
On oozy ground his galleys moor. Dryden.

=====
Moor, n. Etym: [F. More, Maure, L. Maurus a Moor, a Mauritanian, an
inhabitant of Mauritania, Gr. Morris a dance, Morocco.]

1. One of a mixed race inhabiting Morocco, Algeria, Tunis, and
Tripoli, chiefly along the coast and in towns.

2. (Hist.)

Defn: Any individual of the swarthy races of Africa or Asia which
have adopted the Mohammedan religion. "In Spanish history the terms
Moors, Saracens, and Arabs are synonymous." Internat. Cyc.

=====
Moor, n. Etym: [OE. mor, AS. mor moor, morass; akin to D. moer moor,
G. moor, and prob. to Goth. marei sea, E. mere. See Mere a lake.]

1. An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a
poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a
heath.
In her girlish age she kept sheep on the moor. Carew.

2. A game preserve consisting of moorland. Moor buzzard (Zoöl.), the
marsh harrier. [Prov. Eng.] -- Moor coal (Geol.), a friable variety
of lignite.
 -- Moor cock (Zoöl.), the male of the moor fowl or red grouse of
Europe.
 -- Moor coot. (Zoöl.) See Gallinule.
 -- Moor fowl. (Zoöl.) (a) The European ptarmigan, or red grouse
(Lagopus Scoticus). (b) The European heath grouse. See under Heath.
 -- Moor game. (Zoöl.) Same as Moor fowl (above).
 -- Moor grass (Bot.), a tufted perennial grass (Sesleria cærulea),
found in mountain pastures of Europe.
 -- Moor hawk (Zoöl.), the marsh harrier.
 -- Moor hen. (Zoöl.) (a) The female of the moor fowl. (b) A
gallinule, esp. the European species. See Gallinule. (c) An
Australian rail (Tribonyx ventralis).
 -- Moor monkey (Zoöl.), the black macaque of Borneo (Macacus
maurus).
 -- Moor titling (Zoöl.), the European stonechat (Pratinocola
rubicola).

=====
Moor, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Moored; p. pr. & vb. n. Mooring.] Etym:
[Prob. fr. D. marren to tie, fasten, or moor a ship. See Mar.]

1. (Naut.)

Defn: To fix or secure, as a vessel, in a particular place by casting
anchor, or by fastening with cables or chains; as, the vessel was
moored in the stream; they moored the boat to the wharf.

2. Fig.: To secure, or fix firmly. Brougham.

=====
Moor, v. i.

Defn: To cast anchor; to become fast.
On oozy ground his galleys moor. Dryden.
