MOTH
Moth (môth), n.

Defn: A mote. [Obs.] Shak.
MOTH

=====
Moth, n.; pl. Moths (môthz). Etym: [OE. mothe, AS. moedhedhe; akin to
D. mot, G. motte, Icel. motti, and prob. to E. mad an earthworm. Cf.
Mad, n., Mawk.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any nocturnal lepidopterous insect, or any not included among
the butterflies; as, the luna moth; Io moth; hawk moth.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any lepidopterous insect that feeds upon garments, grain, etc.;
as, the clothes moth; grain moth; bee moth. See these terms under
Clothes, Grain, etc.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of various other insects that destroy woolen and fur
goods, etc., esp. the larvæ of several species of beetles of the
genera Dermestes and Anthrenus. Carpet moths are often the larvæ of
Anthrenus. See Carpet beetle, under Carpet, Dermestes, Anthrenus.

4. Anything which gradually and silently eats, consumes, or wastes
any other thing. Moth blight (Zoöl.), any plant louse of the genus
Aleurodes, and related genera. They are injurious to various plants.
 -- Moth gnat (Zoöl.), a dipterous insect of the genus Bychoda,
having fringed wings.
 -- Moth hunter (Zoöl.), the goatsucker.
 -- Moth miller (Zoöl.), a clothes moth. See Miller, 3, (a).
 -- Moth mullein (Bot.), a common herb of the genus Verbascum (V.
Blattaria), having large wheel-shaped yellow or whitish flowers.

=====
Moth (môth), n.

Defn: A mote. [Obs.] Shak.

=====
Moth, n.; pl. Moths (môthz). Etym: [OE. mothe, AS. moedhedhe; akin to
D. mot, G. motte, Icel. motti, and prob. to E. mad an earthworm. Cf.
Mad, n., Mawk.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any nocturnal lepidopterous insect, or any not included among
the butterflies; as, the luna moth; Io moth; hawk moth.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any lepidopterous insect that feeds upon garments, grain, etc.;
as, the clothes moth; grain moth; bee moth. See these terms under
Clothes, Grain, etc.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of various other insects that destroy woolen and fur
goods, etc., esp. the larvæ of several species of beetles of the
genera Dermestes and Anthrenus. Carpet moths are often the larvæ of
Anthrenus. See Carpet beetle, under Carpet, Dermestes, Anthrenus.

4. Anything which gradually and silently eats, consumes, or wastes
any other thing. Moth blight (Zoöl.), any plant louse of the genus
Aleurodes, and related genera. They are injurious to various plants.
 -- Moth gnat (Zoöl.), a dipterous insect of the genus Bychoda,
having fringed wings.
 -- Moth hunter (Zoöl.), the goatsucker.
 -- Moth miller (Zoöl.), a clothes moth. See Miller, 3, (a).
 -- Moth mullein (Bot.), a common herb of the genus Verbascum (V.
Blattaria), having large wheel-shaped yellow or whitish flowers.
