MULLET
Mul"let, n. Etym: [OE. molet, mulet, F. mulet, fr. L. mullus.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous fishes of the genus Mugil; -- called also
gray mullets. They are found on the coasts of both continents, and
are highly esteemed as food. Among the most valuable species are
Mugil capito of Europe, and M. cephalus which occurs both on the
European and American coasts.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any species of the genus Mullus, or family Mullidæ; called also
red mullet, and surmullet, esp. the plain surmullet (Mullus
barbatus), and the striped surmullet (M. surmulletus) of Southern
Europe. The former is the mullet of the Romans. It is noted for the
brilliancy of its colors. See Surmullet. French mullet. See Ladyfish
(a).
MULLET

=====
Mul"let, n. Etym: [F. molette.] (Her.)

Defn: A star, usually five pointed and pierced; -- when used as a
difference it indicates the third son.
MULLET

=====
Mul"let, n. Etym: [Cf. F. molet a sort of pinchers.]

Defn: Small pinchers for curling the hair. [Obs.] B. Jonson.

=====
Mul"let, n. Etym: [OE. molet, mulet, F. mulet, fr. L. mullus.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous fishes of the genus Mugil; -- called also
gray mullets. They are found on the coasts of both continents, and
are highly esteemed as food. Among the most valuable species are
Mugil capito of Europe, and M. cephalus which occurs both on the
European and American coasts.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any species of the genus Mullus, or family Mullidæ; called also
red mullet, and surmullet, esp. the plain surmullet (Mullus
barbatus), and the striped surmullet (M. surmulletus) of Southern
Europe. The former is the mullet of the Romans. It is noted for the
brilliancy of its colors. See Surmullet. French mullet. See Ladyfish
(a).

=====
Mul"let, n. Etym: [F. molette.] (Her.)

Defn: A star, usually five pointed and pierced; -- when used as a
difference it indicates the third son.

=====
Mul"let, n. Etym: [Cf. F. molet a sort of pinchers.]

Defn: Small pinchers for curling the hair. [Obs.] B. Jonson.
