NASAL
Na"sal, a. Etym: [F., from L. nasus the nose. See Nose.]

1. (Anat.)

Defn: Of or pertaining to the nose.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: Having a quality imparted by means of the nose; and
specifically, made by lowering the soft palate, in some cases with
closure of the oral passage, the voice thus issuing (wholly or
partially) through the nose, as in the consonants m, n, ng (see Guide
to Pronunciation, §§ 20, 208); characterized by resonance in the
nasal passage; as, a nasal vowel; a nasal utterance. Nasal bones
(Anat.), two bones of the skull, in front of the frontals.
 -- Nasal index (Anat.), in the skull, the ratio of the transverse
the base of the aperture to the nasion, which latter distance is
taken as the standard, equal to 100.
NASAL

=====
Na"sal, n.

1. An elementary sound which is uttered through the nose, or through
both the nose and the mouth simultaneously.

2. (Med.)

Defn: A medicine that operates through the nose; an errhine.
[Archaic]

3. (Anc. Armor)

Defn: Part of a helmet projecting to protect the nose; a nose guard.

4. (Anat.)

Defn: One of the nasal bones.

5. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A plate, or scale, on the nose of a fish, etc.

=====
Na"sal, a. Etym: [F., from L. nasus the nose. See Nose.]

1. (Anat.)

Defn: Of or pertaining to the nose.

2. (Phon.)

Defn: Having a quality imparted by means of the nose; and
specifically, made by lowering the soft palate, in some cases with
closure of the oral passage, the voice thus issuing (wholly or
partially) through the nose, as in the consonants m, n, ng (see Guide
to Pronunciation, §§ 20, 208); characterized by resonance in the
nasal passage; as, a nasal vowel; a nasal utterance. Nasal bones
(Anat.), two bones of the skull, in front of the frontals.
 -- Nasal index (Anat.), in the skull, the ratio of the transverse
the base of the aperture to the nasion, which latter distance is
taken as the standard, equal to 100.

=====
Na"sal, n.

1. An elementary sound which is uttered through the nose, or through
both the nose and the mouth simultaneously.

2. (Med.)

Defn: A medicine that operates through the nose; an errhine.
[Archaic]

3. (Anc. Armor)

Defn: Part of a helmet projecting to protect the nose; a nose guard.

4. (Anat.)

Defn: One of the nasal bones.

5. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A plate, or scale, on the nose of a fish, etc.
