NASTURTIUM
Nas*tur"tium, n. Etym: [L. nasturtium, for nasitortium, fr. nasus
nose + torquere, tortum, to twist, torture, in allusion to the
causing one to make a wry face by its pungent taste. See Nose of the
face, and Torture.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: A genus of cruciferous plants, having white or yellowish
flowers, including several species of cress. They are found chiefly
in wet or damp grounds, and have a pungent biting taste.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: Any plant of the genus Tropæolum, geraniaceous herbs, having
mostly climbing stems, peltate leaves, and spurred flowers, and
including the common Indian cress (Tropæolum majus), the canary-bird
flower (T. peregrinum), and about thirty more species, all natives of
South America. The whole plant has a warm pungent flavor, and the
fleshy fruits are used as a substitute for capers, while the leaves
and flowers are sometimes used in salads.

=====
Nas*tur"tium, n. Etym: [L. nasturtium, for nasitortium, fr. nasus
nose + torquere, tortum, to twist, torture, in allusion to the
causing one to make a wry face by its pungent taste. See Nose of the
face, and Torture.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: A genus of cruciferous plants, having white or yellowish
flowers, including several species of cress. They are found chiefly
in wet or damp grounds, and have a pungent biting taste.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: Any plant of the genus Tropæolum, geraniaceous herbs, having
mostly climbing stems, peltate leaves, and spurred flowers, and
including the common Indian cress (Tropæolum majus), the canary-bird
flower (T. peregrinum), and about thirty more species, all natives of
South America. The whole plant has a warm pungent flavor, and the
fleshy fruits are used as a substitute for capers, while the leaves
and flowers are sometimes used in salads.
