OFFICER
Of"fi*cer, n. Etym: [F. officier. See Office, and cf. Official, n.]

1. One who holds an office; a person lawfully invested with an
office, whether civil, military, or ecclesiastical; as, a church
officer; a police officer; a staff officer. "I am an officer of
state." Shak.

2. (U. S. Mil.)

Defn: Specifically, a commissioned officer, in distinction from a
warrant officer. Field officer, General officer, etc. See under
Field, General. etc.
 -- Officer of the day (Mil.), the officer who, on a given day, has
charge for that day of the quard, prisoners, and police of the post
or camp.
 -- Officer of the deck, or Officer of the watch (Naut.), the officer
temporarily in charge on the deck of a vessel, esp. a war vessel.
OFFICER

=====
Of"fi*cer, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Officered; p. pr. & vb. n.
Officering.]

1. To furnish with officers; to appoint officers over. Marshall.

2. To command as an officer; as, veterans from old regiments
officered the recruits.

=====
Of"fi*cer, n. Etym: [F. officier. See Office, and cf. Official, n.]

1. One who holds an office; a person lawfully invested with an
office, whether civil, military, or ecclesiastical; as, a church
officer; a police officer; a staff officer. "I am an officer of
state." Shak.

2. (U. S. Mil.)

Defn: Specifically, a commissioned officer, in distinction from a
warrant officer. Field officer, General officer, etc. See under
Field, General. etc.
 -- Officer of the day (Mil.), the officer who, on a given day, has
charge for that day of the quard, prisoners, and police of the post
or camp.
 -- Officer of the deck, or Officer of the watch (Naut.), the officer
temporarily in charge on the deck of a vessel, esp. a war vessel.

=====
Of"fi*cer, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Officered; p. pr. & vb. n.
Officering.]

1. To furnish with officers; to appoint officers over. Marshall.

2. To command as an officer; as, veterans from old regiments
officered the recruits.
