PAMPHLET
Pam"phlet, n. Etym: [OE. pamflet, pamfilet, paunflet, possibly fr.
OF. palme the palm of the hand, F. paume (see Palm) + OF. fueillet a
leaf, dim. of fueil, m., F. feuille, f., fr. L. folium, pl. folia,
thus meaning, a leaf to be held in the hand; or perh. through old
French, fr. L. Pamphila, a female historian of the first century who
wrote many epitomes; prob., however, fr. OF. Pamflette, the Old
French name given to Pamphilus, a poem in Latin verse of the 12th
century, pamphlets being named from the popularity of this poem.]

1. A writing; a book. Testament of love.
Sir Thomas More in his pamphlet of Richard the Third. Ascham.

2. A small book consisting of a few sheets of printed paper, stitched
together, often with a paper cover, but not bound; a short essay or
written discussion, usually on a subject of current interest.
PAMPHLET

=====
Pam"phlet, v. i.

Defn: To write a pamphlet or pamphlets. [R.] Howell.

=====
Pam"phlet, n. Etym: [OE. pamflet, pamfilet, paunflet, possibly fr.
OF. palme the palm of the hand, F. paume (see Palm) + OF. fueillet a
leaf, dim. of fueil, m., F. feuille, f., fr. L. folium, pl. folia,
thus meaning, a leaf to be held in the hand; or perh. through old
French, fr. L. Pamphila, a female historian of the first century who
wrote many epitomes; prob., however, fr. OF. Pamflette, the Old
French name given to Pamphilus, a poem in Latin verse of the 12th
century, pamphlets being named from the popularity of this poem.]

1. A writing; a book. Testament of love.
Sir Thomas More in his pamphlet of Richard the Third. Ascham.

2. A small book consisting of a few sheets of printed paper, stitched
together, often with a paper cover, but not bound; a short essay or
written discussion, usually on a subject of current interest.

=====
Pam"phlet, v. i.

Defn: To write a pamphlet or pamphlets. [R.] Howell.
