PARDON; REMISSION
Pardon,

Syn: remission.

Defn: -- Forgiveness, Pardon. Forgiveness is Anglo-Saxon, and pardon
Norman French, both implying a giving back. The word pardon, being
early used in our Bible, has, in religious matters, the same sense as
forgiveness; but in the language of common life there is a difference
between them, such as we often find between corresponding Anglo-Saxon
and Norman words. Forgive points to inward feeling, and suppose
alienated affection; when we ask forgiveness, we primarily seek the
removal of anger. Pardon looks more to outward things or
consequences, and is often applied to trifling matters, as when we
beg pardon for interrupting a man, or for jostling him in a crowd.
The civil magistrate also grants a pardon, and not forgiveness. The
two words are, therefore, very clearly distinguished from each other
in most cases which relate to the common concerns of life.

=====
Pardon,

Syn: remission.

Defn: -- Forgiveness, Pardon. Forgiveness is Anglo-Saxon, and pardon
Norman French, both implying a giving back. The word pardon, being
early used in our Bible, has, in religious matters, the same sense as
forgiveness; but in the language of common life there is a difference
between them, such as we often find between corresponding Anglo-Saxon
and Norman words. Forgive points to inward feeling, and suppose
alienated affection; when we ask forgiveness, we primarily seek the
removal of anger. Pardon looks more to outward things or
consequences, and is often applied to trifling matters, as when we
beg pardon for interrupting a man, or for jostling him in a crowd.
The civil magistrate also grants a pardon, and not forgiveness. The
two words are, therefore, very clearly distinguished from each other
in most cases which relate to the common concerns of life.
