PASTORAL
Pas"tor*al, a. Etym: [L. pastoralis: cf. F. pastoral. See Pastor.]

1. Of or pertaining to shepherds; hence, relating to rural life and
scenes; as, a pastoral life.

2. Relating to the care of souls, or to the pastor of a church; as,
pastoral duties; a pastoral letter. Pastoral staff (Eccl.), a staff,
usually of the form of a shepherd's crook, borne as an official
emblem by a bishop, abbot, abbess, or other prelate privileged to
carry it. See Crook, and Crosier.
 -- Pastoral Theology, that part of theology which treats of the
duties of pastors.
PASTORAL

=====
Pas"tor*al, n.

1. A poem describing the life and manners of shepherds; a poem in
which the speakers assume the character of shepherds; an idyl; a
bucolic.
A pastoral is a poem in which any action or passion is represented by
its effects on a country life. Rambler.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: A cantata relating to rural life; a composition for instruments
characterized by simplicity and sweetness; a lyrical composition the
subject of which is taken from rural life. Moore (Encyc. of Music).

3. (Eccl.)

Defn: A letter of a pastor to his charge; specifically, a letter
addressed by a bishop to his diocese; also (Prot. Epis. Ch.), a
letter of the House of Bishops, to be read in each parish.

=====
Pas"tor*al, a. Etym: [L. pastoralis: cf. F. pastoral. See Pastor.]

1. Of or pertaining to shepherds; hence, relating to rural life and
scenes; as, a pastoral life.

2. Relating to the care of souls, or to the pastor of a church; as,
pastoral duties; a pastoral letter. Pastoral staff (Eccl.), a staff,
usually of the form of a shepherd's crook, borne as an official
emblem by a bishop, abbot, abbess, or other prelate privileged to
carry it. See Crook, and Crosier.
 -- Pastoral Theology, that part of theology which treats of the
duties of pastors.

=====
Pas"tor*al, n.

1. A poem describing the life and manners of shepherds; a poem in
which the speakers assume the character of shepherds; an idyl; a
bucolic.
A pastoral is a poem in which any action or passion is represented by
its effects on a country life. Rambler.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: A cantata relating to rural life; a composition for instruments
characterized by simplicity and sweetness; a lyrical composition the
subject of which is taken from rural life. Moore (Encyc. of Music).

3. (Eccl.)

Defn: A letter of a pastor to his charge; specifically, a letter
addressed by a bishop to his diocese; also (Prot. Epis. Ch.), a
letter of the House of Bishops, to be read in each parish.
