PEACH
Peach, v. t. Etym: [See Appeach, Impeach.]

Defn: To accuse of crime; to inform against. [Obs.] Foxe.
PEACH

=====
Peach, v. i.

Defn: To turn informer; to betray one's accomplice. [Obs. or Colloq.]
If I be ta'en, I'll peach for this. Shak.
PEACH

=====
Peach, n. Etym: [OE. peche, peshe, OF. pesche, F. pêche, fr. LL.
persia, L. Persicum (sc. malum) a Persian apple, a peach. Cf.
Persian, and Parsee.] (Bot.)

Defn: A well-known high-flavored juicy fruit, containing one or two
seeds in a hard almond-like endocarp or stone; also, the tree which
bears it (Prunus, or Amygdalus Persica). In the wild stock the fruit
is hard and inedible. Guinea, or Sierra Leone, peach, the large
edible berry of the Sarcocephalus esculentus, a rubiaceous climbing
shrub of west tropical Africa.
 -- Palm peach, the fruit of a Venezuelan palm tree (Bactris
speciosa).
 -- Peach color, the pale red color of the peach blossom.
 -- Peach-tree borer (Zoöl.), the larva of a clearwing moth (Ægeria,
or Sannina, exitiosa) of the family Ægeriidæ, which is very
destructive to peach trees by boring in the wood, usually near the
ground; also, the moth itself. See Illust. under Borer.

=====
Peach, v. t. Etym: [See Appeach, Impeach.]

Defn: To accuse of crime; to inform against. [Obs.] Foxe.

=====
Peach, v. i.

Defn: To turn informer; to betray one's accomplice. [Obs. or Colloq.]
If I be ta'en, I'll peach for this. Shak.

=====
Peach, n. Etym: [OE. peche, peshe, OF. pesche, F. pêche, fr. LL.
persia, L. Persicum (sc. malum) a Persian apple, a peach. Cf.
Persian, and Parsee.] (Bot.)

Defn: A well-known high-flavored juicy fruit, containing one or two
seeds in a hard almond-like endocarp or stone; also, the tree which
bears it (Prunus, or Amygdalus Persica). In the wild stock the fruit
is hard and inedible. Guinea, or Sierra Leone, peach, the large
edible berry of the Sarcocephalus esculentus, a rubiaceous climbing
shrub of west tropical Africa.
 -- Palm peach, the fruit of a Venezuelan palm tree (Bactris
speciosa).
 -- Peach color, the pale red color of the peach blossom.
 -- Peach-tree borer (Zoöl.), the larva of a clearwing moth (Ægeria,
or Sannina, exitiosa) of the family Ægeriidæ, which is very
destructive to peach trees by boring in the wood, usually near the
ground; also, the moth itself. See Illust. under Borer.
