PITCHER
Pitch"er, n.

1. One who pitches anything, as hay, quoits, a ball, etc.;
specifically (Baseball), the player who delivers the ball to the
batsman.

2. A sort of crowbar for digging. [Obs.] Mortimer.
PITCHER

=====
Pitch"er, n. Etym: [OE. picher, OF. pichier, OHG. pehhar, pehhari;
prob. of the same origin as E. beaker. Cf. Beaker.]

1. A wide-mouthed, deep vessel for holding liquids, with a spout or
protruding lip and a handle; a water jug or jar with a large ear or
handle.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: A tubular or cuplike appendage or expansion of the leaves of
certain plants. American pitcher plants, the species of Sarracenia.
See Sarracenia.
 -- Australian pitcher plant, the Cephalotus follicularis, a low
saxifragaceous herb having two kinds of radical leaves, some
oblanceolate and entire, others transformed into little ovoid
pitchers, longitudinally triple-winged and ciliated, the mouth
covered with a lid shaped like a cockleshell.
 -- California pitcher plant, the Darlingtonia California. See
Darlingtonia.
 -- Pitcher plant, any plant with the whole or a part of the leaves
transformed into pitchers or cuplike organs, especially the species
of Nepenthes. See Nepenthes.

=====
Pitch"er, n.

1. One who pitches anything, as hay, quoits, a ball, etc.;
specifically (Baseball), the player who delivers the ball to the
batsman.

2. A sort of crowbar for digging. [Obs.] Mortimer.

=====
Pitch"er, n. Etym: [OE. picher, OF. pichier, OHG. pehhar, pehhari;
prob. of the same origin as E. beaker. Cf. Beaker.]

1. A wide-mouthed, deep vessel for holding liquids, with a spout or
protruding lip and a handle; a water jug or jar with a large ear or
handle.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: A tubular or cuplike appendage or expansion of the leaves of
certain plants. American pitcher plants, the species of Sarracenia.
See Sarracenia.
 -- Australian pitcher plant, the Cephalotus follicularis, a low
saxifragaceous herb having two kinds of radical leaves, some
oblanceolate and entire, others transformed into little ovoid
pitchers, longitudinally triple-winged and ciliated, the mouth
covered with a lid shaped like a cockleshell.
 -- California pitcher plant, the Darlingtonia California. See
Darlingtonia.
 -- Pitcher plant, any plant with the whole or a part of the leaves
transformed into pitchers or cuplike organs, especially the species
of Nepenthes. See Nepenthes.
