POND
Pond, n. Etym: [Probably originally, an inclosed body of water, and
the same word as pound. See Pound an inclosure.]

Defn: A body of water, naturally or artificially confined, and
usually of less extent than a lake. "Through pond or pool." Milton.
Pond hen (Zoöl.), the American coot. See Coot (a).
 -- Pond lily (Bot.), the water lily. See under Water, and Illust.
under Nymphæa.
 -- Pond snail (Zoöl.), any gastropod living in fresh-water ponds or
lakes. The most common kinds are air-breathing snails (Pulmonifera)
belonging to Limnæa, Physa, Planorbis, and allied genera. The
operculated species are pectinibranchs, belonging to Melantho,
Valvata, and various other genera.
 -- Pond spice (Bot.), an American shrub (Tetranthera geniculata) of
the Laurel family, with small oval leaves, and axillary clusters of
little yellow flowers. The whole plant is spicy. It grows in ponds
and swamps from Virginia to Florida.
 -- Pond tortoise, Pond turtle (Zoöl.), any freshwater tortoise of
the family Emydidæ. Numerous species are found in North America.
POND

=====
Pond, v. t.

Defn: To make into a pond; to collect, as water, in a pond by
damming.
POND

=====
Pond, v. t. Etym: [See Ponder.]

Defn: To ponder. [Obs.]
Pleaseth you, pond your suppliant's plaint. Spenser.

=====
Pond, n. Etym: [Probably originally, an inclosed body of water, and
the same word as pound. See Pound an inclosure.]

Defn: A body of water, naturally or artificially confined, and
usually of less extent than a lake. "Through pond or pool." Milton.
Pond hen (Zoöl.), the American coot. See Coot (a).
 -- Pond lily (Bot.), the water lily. See under Water, and Illust.
under Nymphæa.
 -- Pond snail (Zoöl.), any gastropod living in fresh-water ponds or
lakes. The most common kinds are air-breathing snails (Pulmonifera)
belonging to Limnæa, Physa, Planorbis, and allied genera. The
operculated species are pectinibranchs, belonging to Melantho,
Valvata, and various other genera.
 -- Pond spice (Bot.), an American shrub (Tetranthera geniculata) of
the Laurel family, with small oval leaves, and axillary clusters of
little yellow flowers. The whole plant is spicy. It grows in ponds
and swamps from Virginia to Florida.
 -- Pond tortoise, Pond turtle (Zoöl.), any freshwater tortoise of
the family Emydidæ. Numerous species are found in North America.

=====
Pond, v. t.

Defn: To make into a pond; to collect, as water, in a pond by
damming.

=====
Pond, v. t. Etym: [See Ponder.]

Defn: To ponder. [Obs.]
Pleaseth you, pond your suppliant's plaint. Spenser.
