PORCUPINE
Por"cu*pine, n. Etym: [OE. porkepyn, porpentine, OF. porc-espi, F.
porc-épic (cf. It. porco spino, porco spinoso, Sp. puerco espino,
puerco espin, fr. L. porcus swine + spina thorn, spine). The last
part of the French word is perhaps a corruption from the It. or Sp.;
cf. F. épi ear, a spike of grain, L. spica. See Pork, Spike a large
nail, Spine.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any Old Word rodent of the genus Hystrix, having the back
covered with long, sharp, erectile spines or quills, sometimes a foot
long. The common species of Europe and Asia (Hystrix cristata) is the
best known.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any species of Erethizon and related genera, native of America.
They are related to the true porcupines, but have shorter spines, and
are arboreal in their habits. The Canada porcupine (Erethizon
dorsatus) is a well known species. Porcupine ant-eater (Zoöl.), the
echidna.
 -- Porcupine crab (Zoöl.), a large spiny Japanese crab
(Acantholithodes hystrix).
 -- Porcupine disease (Med.). See Ichthyosis.
 -- Porcupine fish (Zoöl.), any plectognath fish having the body
covered with spines which become erect when the body is inflated. See
Diodon, and Globefish.
 -- Porcupine grass (Bot.), a grass (Stipa spartea) with grains
bearing a stout twisted awn, which, by coiling and uncoiling through
changes in moisture, propels the sharp-pointed and barbellate grain
into the wool and flesh of sheep. It is found from Illinois westward.
See Illustration in Appendix.
 -- Porcupine wood (Bot.), the hard outer wood of the cocoa palm; --
so called because, when cut horizontally, the markings of the wood
resemble the quills of a porcupine.
