PREDICATE
Pred"i*cate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Predicated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Predicating.] Etym: [L. praedicatus, p. p. of praedicare to cry in
public, to proclaim. See Preach.]

1. To assert to belong to something; to affirm (one thing of
another); as, to predicate whiteness of snow.

2. To found; to base. [U.S.]

Note: Predicate is sometimes used in the United States for found or
base; as, to predicate an argument on certain principles; to
predicate a statement on information received. Predicate is a term in
logic, and used only in a single case, namely, when we affirm one
thing of another. "Similitude is not predicated of essences or
substances, but of figures and qualities only." Cudworth.
PREDICATE

=====
Pred"i*cate, v. i.

Defn: To affirm something of another thing; to make an affirmation.
Sir M. Hale.
PREDICATE

=====
Pred"i*cate, n. Etym: [L. praedicatum, neut. of praedicatus, p. p.
praedicare: cf. F. prédicat. See Predicate, v. t.]

1. (Logic)

Defn: That which is affirmed or denied of the subject. In these
propositions, "Paper is white," "Ink is not white," whiteness is the
predicate affirmed of paper and denied of ink.

2. (Gram.)

Defn: The word or words in a proposition which express what is
affirmed of the subject.

Syn.
 -- Affirmation; declaration.
PREDICATE

=====
Pred"i*cate, a. Etym: [L. praedicatus, p. p.]

Defn: Predicated.

=====
Pred"i*cate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Predicated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Predicating.] Etym: [L. praedicatus, p. p. of praedicare to cry in
public, to proclaim. See Preach.]

1. To assert to belong to something; to affirm (one thing of
another); as, to predicate whiteness of snow.

2. To found; to base. [U.S.]

Note: Predicate is sometimes used in the United States for found or
base; as, to predicate an argument on certain principles; to
predicate a statement on information received. Predicate is a term in
logic, and used only in a single case, namely, when we affirm one
thing of another. "Similitude is not predicated of essences or
substances, but of figures and qualities only." Cudworth.

=====
Pred"i*cate, v. i.

Defn: To affirm something of another thing; to make an affirmation.
Sir M. Hale.

=====
Pred"i*cate, n. Etym: [L. praedicatum, neut. of praedicatus, p. p.
praedicare: cf. F. prédicat. See Predicate, v. t.]

1. (Logic)

Defn: That which is affirmed or denied of the subject. In these
propositions, "Paper is white," "Ink is not white," whiteness is the
predicate affirmed of paper and denied of ink.

2. (Gram.)

Defn: The word or words in a proposition which express what is
affirmed of the subject.

Syn.
 -- Affirmation; declaration.

=====
Pred"i*cate, a. Etym: [L. praedicatus, p. p.]

Defn: Predicated.
