PREFACE
Pref"ace (; 48), n. Etym: [F. préface; cf. Sp. prefacio, prefacion,
It. prefazio, prefazione; all fr. L. praefatio, fr. praefari to speak
or say beforehand; prae before + fari, fatus, to speak. See Fate.]

1. Something spoken as introductory to a discourse, or written as
introductory to a book or essay; a proem; an introduction, or series
of preliminary remarks.
This superficial tale Is but a preface of her worthy praise. Shak.
Heaven's high behest no preface needs. Milton.

2. (R. C. Ch.)

Defn: The prelude or introduction to the canon of the Mass. Addis &
Arnold. Proper preface (Ch. of Eng. & Prot. Epis. Ch.), a portion of
the communion service, preceding the prayer of consecration,
appointed for certain seasons.

Syn.
 -- Introduction; preliminary; preamble; proem; prelude; prologue.
PREFACE

=====
Pref"ace, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Prefaced; p. pr. & vb. n. Prefacing.]

Defn: To introduce by a preface; to give a preface to; as, to preface
a book discourse.
PREFACE

=====
Pref"ace, v. i.

Defn: To make a preface. Jer. Taylor.

=====
Pref"ace (; 48), n. Etym: [F. préface; cf. Sp. prefacio, prefacion,
It. prefazio, prefazione; all fr. L. praefatio, fr. praefari to speak
or say beforehand; prae before + fari, fatus, to speak. See Fate.]

1. Something spoken as introductory to a discourse, or written as
introductory to a book or essay; a proem; an introduction, or series
of preliminary remarks.
This superficial tale Is but a preface of her worthy praise. Shak.
Heaven's high behest no preface needs. Milton.

2. (R. C. Ch.)

Defn: The prelude or introduction to the canon of the Mass. Addis &
Arnold. Proper preface (Ch. of Eng. & Prot. Epis. Ch.), a portion of
the communion service, preceding the prayer of consecration,
appointed for certain seasons.

Syn.
 -- Introduction; preliminary; preamble; proem; prelude; prologue.

=====
Pref"ace, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Prefaced; p. pr. & vb. n. Prefacing.]

Defn: To introduce by a preface; to give a preface to; as, to preface
a book discourse.

=====
Pref"ace, v. i.

Defn: To make a preface. Jer. Taylor.
