PROBOSCIS
Pro*bos"cis, n.; pl. Proboscides. Etym: [L. fr. Gr.

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A hollow organ or tube attached to the head, or connected with
the mouth, of various animals, and generally used in taking food or
drink; a snout; a trunk.

Note: The proboscis of an elephant is a flexible muscular elongation
of the nose. The proboscis of insects is usually a chitinous tube
formed by the modified maxillæ, or by the labium. See Illusts. of
Hemiptera and Lepidoptera.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: By extension, applied to various tubelike mouth organs of the
lower animals that can be everted or protruded.

Note: The proboscis of annelids and of mollusks is usually a portion
of the pharynx that can be everted or protruded. That of nemerteans
is a special long internal organ, not connected with the mouth, and
not used in feeding, but capable of being protruded from a pore in
the head. See Illust. in Appendix.

3. The nose. [Jocose] Proboscis monkey. (Zoöl.) See Kahau.

=====
Pro*bos"cis, n.; pl. Proboscides. Etym: [L. fr. Gr.

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A hollow organ or tube attached to the head, or connected with
the mouth, of various animals, and generally used in taking food or
drink; a snout; a trunk.

Note: The proboscis of an elephant is a flexible muscular elongation
of the nose. The proboscis of insects is usually a chitinous tube
formed by the modified maxillæ, or by the labium. See Illusts. of
Hemiptera and Lepidoptera.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: By extension, applied to various tubelike mouth organs of the
lower animals that can be everted or protruded.

Note: The proboscis of annelids and of mollusks is usually a portion
of the pharynx that can be everted or protruded. That of nemerteans
is a special long internal organ, not connected with the mouth, and
not used in feeding, but capable of being protruded from a pore in
the head. See Illust. in Appendix.

3. The nose. [Jocose] Proboscis monkey. (Zoöl.) See Kahau.
