PROPORTIONAL
Pro*por"tion*al, a. Etym: [L. proportionalis: cf. F. proportionnel.]

1. Having a due proportion, or comparative relation; being in
suitable proportion or degree; as, the parts of an edifice are
proportional. Milton.

2. Relating to, or securing, proportion. Hutton. 3. (Math.)
Constituting a proportion; having the same, or a constant, ratio; as,
proportional quantities; momentum is proportional to quantity of
matter. Proportional logarithms, logistic logarithms. See under
Logistic.
 -- Proportional scale, a scale on which are marked parts
proportional to the logarithms of the natural numbers; a logarithmic
scale.
 -- Proportional scales, compasses, dividers, etc. (Draughting),
instruments used in making copies of drawings, or drawings of
objects, on an enlarged or reduced scale.
PROPORTIONAL

=====
Pro*por"tion*al, n.

1. (Math.)

Defn: Any number or quantity in a proportion; as, a mean
proportional.

2. (Chem.)

Defn: The combining weight or equivalent of an element. [Obs.]

=====
Pro*por"tion*al, a. Etym: [L. proportionalis: cf. F. proportionnel.]

1. Having a due proportion, or comparative relation; being in
suitable proportion or degree; as, the parts of an edifice are
proportional. Milton.

2. Relating to, or securing, proportion. Hutton. 3. (Math.)
Constituting a proportion; having the same, or a constant, ratio; as,
proportional quantities; momentum is proportional to quantity of
matter. Proportional logarithms, logistic logarithms. See under
Logistic.
 -- Proportional scale, a scale on which are marked parts
proportional to the logarithms of the natural numbers; a logarithmic
scale.
 -- Proportional scales, compasses, dividers, etc. (Draughting),
instruments used in making copies of drawings, or drawings of
objects, on an enlarged or reduced scale.

=====
Pro*por"tion*al, n.

1. (Math.)

Defn: Any number or quantity in a proportion; as, a mean
proportional.

2. (Chem.)

Defn: The combining weight or equivalent of an element. [Obs.]
