PROSCRIBE
Pro*scribe", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Proscribed; p. pr. & vb. n.
Proscribing.] Etym: [L. proscribere, proscriptum, to write before, to
publish, proscribe; pro before + scribere to write. See Scribe. The
sense of this word originated in the Roman practice of writing the
names of persons doomed to death, and posting the list in public.]

1. To doom to destruction; to put out of the protection of law; to
outlaw; to exile; as, Sylla and Marius proscribed each other's
adherents.
Robert Vere, Earl of Oxford, . . . was banished the realm, and
proscribed. Spenser.

2. To denounce and condemn; to interdict; to prohibit; as, the
Puritans proscribed theaters.
The Arian doctrines were proscribed and anathematized in the famous
Council of Nice. Waterland.

=====
Pro*scribe", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Proscribed; p. pr. & vb. n.
Proscribing.] Etym: [L. proscribere, proscriptum, to write before, to
publish, proscribe; pro before + scribere to write. See Scribe. The
sense of this word originated in the Roman practice of writing the
names of persons doomed to death, and posting the list in public.]

1. To doom to destruction; to put out of the protection of law; to
outlaw; to exile; as, Sylla and Marius proscribed each other's
adherents.
Robert Vere, Earl of Oxford, . . . was banished the realm, and
proscribed. Spenser.

2. To denounce and condemn; to interdict; to prohibit; as, the
Puritans proscribed theaters.
The Arian doctrines were proscribed and anathematized in the famous
Council of Nice. Waterland.
