QUADRATE
Quad"rate, a. Etym: [L. quadratus squared, p. p. of quadrare to make
four-cornered, to make square, to square, to fit, suit, from quadrus
square, quattuor four. See Quadrant, and cf. Quadrat, Quarry an
arrow, Square.]

1. Having four equal sides, the opposite sides parallel, and four
right angles; square.
Figures, some round, some triangle, some quadrate. Foxe.

2. Produced by multiplying a number by itself; square. " Quadrate and
cubical numbers." Sir T. Browne.

3. Square; even; balanced; equal; exact. [Archaic] " A quadrate,
solid, wise man." Howell.

4. Squared; suited; correspondent. [Archaic] " A generical
description quadrate to both." Harvey. Quadrate bone (Anat.), a bone
between the base of the lower jaw and the skull in most vertebrates
below the mammals. In reptiles and birds it articulates the lower jaw
with the skull; in mammals it is represented by the malleus or incus.
QUADRATE

=====
Quad"rate, n. Etym: [L. quadratum. See Quadrate, a.]

1. (Geom.)

Defn: A plane surface with four equal sides and four right angles; a
square; hence, figuratively, anything having the outline of a square.
At which command, the powers militant That stood for heaven, in
mighty quadrate joined. Milton.

2. (Astrol.)

Defn: An aspect of the heavenly bodies in which they are distant from
each other 90ยบ, or the quarter of a circle; quartile. See the Note
under Aspect, 6.

3. (Anat.)

Defn: The quadrate bone.
QUADRATE

=====
Quad"rate, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Quadrated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Quadrating.] Etym: [See Quadrate, a.]

Defn: To square; to agree; to suit; to correspond; -- followed by
with. [Archaic]
The objections of these speculatists of its forms do not quadrate
with their theories. Burke.
QUADRATE

=====
Quad"rate, v. t.

Defn: To adjust (a gun) on its carriage; also, to train (a gun) for
horizontal firing.

=====
Quad"rate, a. Etym: [L. quadratus squared, p. p. of quadrare to make
four-cornered, to make square, to square, to fit, suit, from quadrus
square, quattuor four. See Quadrant, and cf. Quadrat, Quarry an
arrow, Square.]

1. Having four equal sides, the opposite sides parallel, and four
right angles; square.
Figures, some round, some triangle, some quadrate. Foxe.

2. Produced by multiplying a number by itself; square. " Quadrate and
cubical numbers." Sir T. Browne.

3. Square; even; balanced; equal; exact. [Archaic] " A quadrate,
solid, wise man." Howell.

4. Squared; suited; correspondent. [Archaic] " A generical
description quadrate to both." Harvey. Quadrate bone (Anat.), a bone
between the base of the lower jaw and the skull in most vertebrates
below the mammals. In reptiles and birds it articulates the lower jaw
with the skull; in mammals it is represented by the malleus or incus.

=====
Quad"rate, n. Etym: [L. quadratum. See Quadrate, a.]

1. (Geom.)

Defn: A plane surface with four equal sides and four right angles; a
square; hence, figuratively, anything having the outline of a square.
At which command, the powers militant That stood for heaven, in
mighty quadrate joined. Milton.

2. (Astrol.)

Defn: An aspect of the heavenly bodies in which they are distant from
each other 90ยบ, or the quarter of a circle; quartile. See the Note
under Aspect, 6.

3. (Anat.)

Defn: The quadrate bone.

=====
Quad"rate, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Quadrated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Quadrating.] Etym: [See Quadrate, a.]

Defn: To square; to agree; to suit; to correspond; -- followed by
with. [Archaic]
The objections of these speculatists of its forms do not quadrate
with their theories. Burke.

=====
Quad"rate, v. t.

Defn: To adjust (a gun) on its carriage; also, to train (a gun) for
horizontal firing.
