QUOTE
Quote, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Quoted; p. pr. & vb. n. Quoting.] Etym:
[OF. quoter, F. coter to letter, number, to quote, LL. quotare to
divide into chapters and verses, fr. L. quotus. See Quota.] [Formerly
written also cote.]

1. To cite, as a passage from some author; to name, repeat, or
adduce, as a passage from an author or speaker, by way of authority
or illustration; as, to quote a passage from Homer.

2. To cite a passage from; to name as the authority for a statement
or an opinion; as, to quote Shakespeare.

3. (Com.)

Defn: To name the current price of.

4. To notice; to observe; to examine. [Obs.] Shak.

5. To set down, as in writing. [Obs.] "He's quoted for a most
perfidious slave." Shak.

Syn.
 -- To cite; name; adduce; repeat. Quote, Cite. To cite was
originally to call into court as a witness, etc., and hence denotes
bringing forward any thing or person as evidence. Quote usually
signifies to reproduce another's words; it is also used to indicate
an appeal to some one as an authority, without adducing his exact
words.
QUOTE

=====
Quote, n.

Defn: A note upon an author. [Obs.] Cotgrave.

=====
Quote, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Quoted; p. pr. & vb. n. Quoting.] Etym:
[OF. quoter, F. coter to letter, number, to quote, LL. quotare to
divide into chapters and verses, fr. L. quotus. See Quota.] [Formerly
written also cote.]

1. To cite, as a passage from some author; to name, repeat, or
adduce, as a passage from an author or speaker, by way of authority
or illustration; as, to quote a passage from Homer.

2. To cite a passage from; to name as the authority for a statement
or an opinion; as, to quote Shakespeare.

3. (Com.)

Defn: To name the current price of.

4. To notice; to observe; to examine. [Obs.] Shak.

5. To set down, as in writing. [Obs.] "He's quoted for a most
perfidious slave." Shak.

Syn.
 -- To cite; name; adduce; repeat. Quote, Cite. To cite was
originally to call into court as a witness, etc., and hence denotes
bringing forward any thing or person as evidence. Quote usually
signifies to reproduce another's words; it is also used to indicate
an appeal to some one as an authority, without adducing his exact
words.

=====
Quote, n.

Defn: A note upon an author. [Obs.] Cotgrave.
