RAFT
Raft, obs.

Defn: imp. & p. p. of Reave. Spenser.
RAFT

=====
Raft, n. Etym: [Originally, a rafter, spar, and fr. Icel. raptr a
rafter; akin to Dan. raft, Prov. G. raff a rafter, spar; cf. OHG.
rafo, ravo, a beam, rafter, Icel. raf roof. Cf. Rafter, n.]

1. A collection of logs, boards, pieces of timber, or the like,
fastened, together, either for their own collective conveyance on the
water, or to serve as a support in conveying other things; a float.

2. A collection of logs, fallen trees, etc. (such as is formed in
some Western rivers of the United States), which obstructs
navigation. [U.S.]

3. Etym: [Perhaps akin to raff a heap.]

Defn: A large collection of people or things taken indiscriminately.
[Slang, U. S.] "A whole raft of folks." W. D. Howells. Raft bridge.
(a) A bridge whose points of support are rafts. (b) A bridge that
consists of floating timbers fastened together.
 -- Raft duck. Etym: [The name alludes to its swimming in dense
flocks.] (Zoöl.) (a) The bluebill, or greater scaup duck; -- called
also flock duck. See Scaup. (b) The redhead.
 -- Raft port (Naut.), a large, square port in a vessel's side for
loading or unloading timber or other bulky articles; a timber or
lumber port.
RAFT

=====
Raft, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Rafted; p. pr. & vb. n. Rafting.]

Defn: To transport on a raft, or in the form of a raft; to make into
a raft; as, to raft timber.

=====
Raft, obs.

Defn: imp. & p. p. of Reave. Spenser.

=====
Raft, n. Etym: [Originally, a rafter, spar, and fr. Icel. raptr a
rafter; akin to Dan. raft, Prov. G. raff a rafter, spar; cf. OHG.
rafo, ravo, a beam, rafter, Icel. raf roof. Cf. Rafter, n.]

1. A collection of logs, boards, pieces of timber, or the like,
fastened, together, either for their own collective conveyance on the
water, or to serve as a support in conveying other things; a float.

2. A collection of logs, fallen trees, etc. (such as is formed in
some Western rivers of the United States), which obstructs
navigation. [U.S.]

3. Etym: [Perhaps akin to raff a heap.]

Defn: A large collection of people or things taken indiscriminately.
[Slang, U. S.] "A whole raft of folks." W. D. Howells. Raft bridge.
(a) A bridge whose points of support are rafts. (b) A bridge that
consists of floating timbers fastened together.
 -- Raft duck. Etym: [The name alludes to its swimming in dense
flocks.] (Zoöl.) (a) The bluebill, or greater scaup duck; -- called
also flock duck. See Scaup. (b) The redhead.
 -- Raft port (Naut.), a large, square port in a vessel's side for
loading or unloading timber or other bulky articles; a timber or
lumber port.

=====
Raft, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Rafted; p. pr. & vb. n. Rafting.]

Defn: To transport on a raft, or in the form of a raft; to make into
a raft; as, to raft timber.
