RAID
Raid, n. Etym: [Icel. reiedh a riding, raid; akin to E. road. See
Road a way.]

1. A hostile or predatory incursion; an inroad or incursion of
mounted men; a sudden and rapid invasion by a cavalry force; a foray.
Marauding chief! his sole delight. The moonlight raid, the morning
fight. Sir W. Scott.
There are permanent conquests, temporary occupation, and occasional
raids. H. Spenser.

Note: A Scottish word which came into common use in the United States
during the Civil War, and was soon extended in its application.

2. An attack or invasion for the purpose of making arrests, seizing
property, or plundering; as, a raid of the police upon a gambling
house; a raid of contractors on the public treasury. [Colloq. U. S.]
RAID

=====
Raid, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Raided; p. pr. & vb. n. Raiding.]

Defn: To make a raid upon or into; as, two regiments raided the
border counties.

=====
Raid, n. Etym: [Icel. reiedh a riding, raid; akin to E. road. See
Road a way.]

1. A hostile or predatory incursion; an inroad or incursion of
mounted men; a sudden and rapid invasion by a cavalry force; a foray.
Marauding chief! his sole delight. The moonlight raid, the morning
fight. Sir W. Scott.
There are permanent conquests, temporary occupation, and occasional
raids. H. Spenser.

Note: A Scottish word which came into common use in the United States
during the Civil War, and was soon extended in its application.

2. An attack or invasion for the purpose of making arrests, seizing
property, or plundering; as, a raid of the police upon a gambling
house; a raid of contractors on the public treasury. [Colloq. U. S.]

=====
Raid, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Raided; p. pr. & vb. n. Raiding.]

Defn: To make a raid upon or into; as, two regiments raided the
border counties.
