REDOUND
Re*dound" (r*dound"), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Redounded; p. pr. & vb. n.
Redounding.] Etym: [F. redonder, L. redundare; pref. red-, re-, re- +
undare to rise in waves or surges, fr. unda a wave. See Undulate, and
cf. Redundant.]

1. To roll back, as a wave or flood; to be sent or driven back; to
flow back, as a consequence or effect; to conduce; to contribute; to
result.
The evil, soon Driven back, redounded as a flood on those From whom
it sprung. Milton.
The honor done to our religion ultimately redounds to God, the author
of it. Rogers.
both . . . will devour great quantities of paper, there will no small
use redound from them to that manufacture. Addison.

2. To be in excess; to remain over and above; to be redundant; to
overflow.
For every dram of honey therein found, A pound of gall doth over it
redound. Spenser.
REDOUND

=====
Re*dound", n.

1. The coming back, as of consequence or effect; result; return;
requital.
We give you welcome; not without redound Of use and glory to
yourselves ye come. Tennyson.

2. Rebound; reverberation. [R.] Codrington.

=====
Re*dound" (r*dound"), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Redounded; p. pr. & vb. n.
Redounding.] Etym: [F. redonder, L. redundare; pref. red-, re-, re- +
undare to rise in waves or surges, fr. unda a wave. See Undulate, and
cf. Redundant.]

1. To roll back, as a wave or flood; to be sent or driven back; to
flow back, as a consequence or effect; to conduce; to contribute; to
result.
The evil, soon Driven back, redounded as a flood on those From whom
it sprung. Milton.
The honor done to our religion ultimately redounds to God, the author
of it. Rogers.
both . . . will devour great quantities of paper, there will no small
use redound from them to that manufacture. Addison.

2. To be in excess; to remain over and above; to be redundant; to
overflow.
For every dram of honey therein found, A pound of gall doth over it
redound. Spenser.

=====
Re*dound", n.

1. The coming back, as of consequence or effect; result; return;
requital.
We give you welcome; not without redound Of use and glory to
yourselves ye come. Tennyson.

2. Rebound; reverberation. [R.] Codrington.
