REMONSTRATE
Re*mon"strate (-strt), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Remonstrated (-str; p. pr.
& vb. n. Remonstrating.] Etym: [LL. remonstratus, p. p. of
remonstrare to remonstrate; L. pref. re- + monstrare to show. See
Monster.]

Defn: To point out; to show clearly; to make plain or manifest;
hence, to prove; to demonstrate. [Obs.] Jer. Taylor.
I will remonstrate to you the third door. B. Jonson.
REMONSTRATE

=====
Re*mon"strate, v. i.

Defn: To present and urge reasons in opposition to an act, measure,
or any course of proceedings; to expostulate; as, to remonstrate with
a person regarding his habits; to remonstrate against proposed
taxation.
It is proper business of a divine to state cases of conscience, and
to remonstrate against any growing corruptions in practice, and
especially in principles. Waterland.

Syn.
 -- Expostulate, Remonstrate. These words are commonly
interchangeable, the principal difference being that expostulate is
now used especially to signify remonstrance by a superior or by one
in authority. A son remonstrates against the harshness of a father; a
father expostulates with his son on his waywardness. Subjects
remonstrate with their rulers; sovereigns expostulate with the
parliament or the people.

=====
Re*mon"strate (-strt), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Remonstrated (-str; p. pr.
& vb. n. Remonstrating.] Etym: [LL. remonstratus, p. p. of
remonstrare to remonstrate; L. pref. re- + monstrare to show. See
Monster.]

Defn: To point out; to show clearly; to make plain or manifest;
hence, to prove; to demonstrate. [Obs.] Jer. Taylor.
I will remonstrate to you the third door. B. Jonson.

=====
Re*mon"strate, v. i.

Defn: To present and urge reasons in opposition to an act, measure,
or any course of proceedings; to expostulate; as, to remonstrate with
a person regarding his habits; to remonstrate against proposed
taxation.
It is proper business of a divine to state cases of conscience, and
to remonstrate against any growing corruptions in practice, and
especially in principles. Waterland.

Syn.
 -- Expostulate, Remonstrate. These words are commonly
interchangeable, the principal difference being that expostulate is
now used especially to signify remonstrance by a superior or by one
in authority. A son remonstrates against the harshness of a father; a
father expostulates with his son on his waywardness. Subjects
remonstrate with their rulers; sovereigns expostulate with the
parliament or the people.
