REPRIMAND
Rep"ri*mand (rp"r-mnd), n. Etym: [F. réprimande, fr. L. reprimendus,
reprimenda, that is to be checked or suppressed, fr. reprimere to
check, repress; pref. re- re + premere to press. See Press, and cf.
Repress.]

Defn: Severe or formal reproof; reprehension, private or public.
Goldsmith gave his landlady a sharp reprimand for her treatment of
him. Macaulay.
REPRIMAND

=====
Rep"ri*mand, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Reprimanded; p. pr. & vb. n.
Reprimanding.] Etym: [Cf. F. réprimander. See Reprimand, n.]

1. To reprove severely; to reprehend; to chide for a fault; to
consure formally.
Germanicus was severely reprimanded by Tiberius for traveling into
Egypt without his permission. Arbuthnot.

2. To reprove publicly and officially, in execution of a sentence;
as, the court ordered him to be reprimanded.

Syn.
 -- To reprove; reprehend; chide; rebuke; censure; blame. See
Reprove.

=====
Rep"ri*mand (rp"r-mnd), n. Etym: [F. réprimande, fr. L. reprimendus,
reprimenda, that is to be checked or suppressed, fr. reprimere to
check, repress; pref. re- re + premere to press. See Press, and cf.
Repress.]

Defn: Severe or formal reproof; reprehension, private or public.
Goldsmith gave his landlady a sharp reprimand for her treatment of
him. Macaulay.

=====
Rep"ri*mand, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Reprimanded; p. pr. & vb. n.
Reprimanding.] Etym: [Cf. F. réprimander. See Reprimand, n.]

1. To reprove severely; to reprehend; to chide for a fault; to
consure formally.
Germanicus was severely reprimanded by Tiberius for traveling into
Egypt without his permission. Arbuthnot.

2. To reprove publicly and officially, in execution of a sentence;
as, the court ordered him to be reprimanded.

Syn.
 -- To reprove; reprehend; chide; rebuke; censure; blame. See
Reprove.
