RETARD
Re*tard", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Retarded; p. pr. & vb. n. Retarding.]
Etym: [L. retardare, retardatum; pref. re- re- + tardare to make
slow, to delay, fr. tardus slow: cf. F. retarder. See Tardy.]

1. To keep delaying; to continue to hinder; to prevent from progress;
to render more slow in progress; to impede; to hinder; as, to retard
the march of an army; to retard the motion of a ship; -- opposed to
Ant: accelerate.

2. To put off; to postpone; as, to retard the attacks of old age; to
retard a rupture between nations.

Syn.
 -- To impede; hinder; obstruct; detain; delay; procrastinate;
postpone; defer.
RETARD

=====
Re*tard", v. i.

Defn: To stay back. [Obs.] Sir. T. Browne.
RETARD

=====
Re*tard", n.

Defn: Retardation; delay. Retard, or Age, of the tide, the interval
between the transit of the moon at which a tide originates and the
appearance of the tide itself. It is found, in general, that any
particular tide is not principally due to the moon's transit
immediatelly proceeding, but to a transit which has occured some time
before, and which is said to correspond to it. The retard of the tide
is thus distinguished from the lunitidal interval. See under
Retardation. rHam. Nav. Encyc.

=====
Re*tard", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Retarded; p. pr. & vb. n. Retarding.]
Etym: [L. retardare, retardatum; pref. re- re- + tardare to make
slow, to delay, fr. tardus slow: cf. F. retarder. See Tardy.]

1. To keep delaying; to continue to hinder; to prevent from progress;
to render more slow in progress; to impede; to hinder; as, to retard
the march of an army; to retard the motion of a ship; -- opposed to
Ant: accelerate.

2. To put off; to postpone; as, to retard the attacks of old age; to
retard a rupture between nations.

Syn.
 -- To impede; hinder; obstruct; detain; delay; procrastinate;
postpone; defer.

=====
Re*tard", v. i.

Defn: To stay back. [Obs.] Sir. T. Browne.

=====
Re*tard", n.

Defn: Retardation; delay. Retard, or Age, of the tide, the interval
between the transit of the moon at which a tide originates and the
appearance of the tide itself. It is found, in general, that any
particular tide is not principally due to the moon's transit
immediatelly proceeding, but to a transit which has occured some time
before, and which is said to correspond to it. The retard of the tide
is thus distinguished from the lunitidal interval. See under
Retardation. rHam. Nav. Encyc.
