REVISE
Re*vise", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Revised; p. pr. & vb. n. Revising.]
Etym: [F. reviser, fr. L. revidere, revisum, to see again; pref. re-
re- + videre, visum, tosee. See Review, View.]

1. To look at again for the detection of errors; to reëxamine; to
review; to look over with care for correction; as, to revise a
writing; to revise a translation.

2. (Print.)

Defn: To compare (a proof) with a previous proof of the same matter,
and mark again such errors as have not been corrected in the type.

3. To review, alter, and amend; as, to revise statutes; to revise an
agreement; to revise a dictionary. The Revised Version of the Bible,
a version prepared in accordance with a resolution passed, in 1870,
by both houses of the Convocation of the Province of Canterbury,
England. Both English and American revisers were employed on the
work. It was first published in a complete form in 1885, and is a
revised form of the Authorized Version. See Authorized Version, under
Authorized.
REVISE

=====
Re*vise", n.

1. A review; a revision. Boyle.

2. (Print.)

Defn: A second proof sheet; a proof sheet taken after the first or a
subsequent correction.

=====
Re*vise", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Revised; p. pr. & vb. n. Revising.]
Etym: [F. reviser, fr. L. revidere, revisum, to see again; pref. re-
re- + videre, visum, tosee. See Review, View.]

1. To look at again for the detection of errors; to reëxamine; to
review; to look over with care for correction; as, to revise a
writing; to revise a translation.

2. (Print.)

Defn: To compare (a proof) with a previous proof of the same matter,
and mark again such errors as have not been corrected in the type.

3. To review, alter, and amend; as, to revise statutes; to revise an
agreement; to revise a dictionary. The Revised Version of the Bible,
a version prepared in accordance with a resolution passed, in 1870,
by both houses of the Convocation of the Province of Canterbury,
England. Both English and American revisers were employed on the
work. It was first published in a complete form in 1885, and is a
revised form of the Authorized Version. See Authorized Version, under
Authorized.

=====
Re*vise", n.

1. A review; a revision. Boyle.

2. (Print.)

Defn: A second proof sheet; a proof sheet taken after the first or a
subsequent correction.
