RUM
Rum, n. Etym: [probably shortened from prov. E. rumbullion a great
tumult, formerly applied in the island of Barbadoes to an
intoxicating liquor.]

Defn: A kind of intoxicating liquor distilled from cane juice, or
from the scumming of the boiled juice, or from treacle or molasses,
or from the lees of former distillations. Also, sometimes used
colloquially as a generic or a collective name for intoxicating
liquor. Rum bud, a grog blossom. [Colloq.] -- Rum shrub, a drink
composed of rum, water, sugar, and lime juice or lemon juice, with
some flavoring extract.
RUM

=====
Rum, a. Etym: [Formerly rome, a slang word for good; possibly of
Gypsy origin; cf. Gypsy rom a husband, a gypsy.]

Defn: Old-fashioned; queer; odd; as, a rum idea; a rum fellow.
[Slang] Dickens.
RUM

=====
Rum, n.

Defn: A queer or odd person or thing; a country parson. [Slang, Obs.]
Swift.

=====
Rum, n. Etym: [probably shortened from prov. E. rumbullion a great
tumult, formerly applied in the island of Barbadoes to an
intoxicating liquor.]

Defn: A kind of intoxicating liquor distilled from cane juice, or
from the scumming of the boiled juice, or from treacle or molasses,
or from the lees of former distillations. Also, sometimes used
colloquially as a generic or a collective name for intoxicating
liquor. Rum bud, a grog blossom. [Colloq.] -- Rum shrub, a drink
composed of rum, water, sugar, and lime juice or lemon juice, with
some flavoring extract.

=====
Rum, a. Etym: [Formerly rome, a slang word for good; possibly of
Gypsy origin; cf. Gypsy rom a husband, a gypsy.]

Defn: Old-fashioned; queer; odd; as, a rum idea; a rum fellow.
[Slang] Dickens.

=====
Rum, n.

Defn: A queer or odd person or thing; a country parson. [Slang, Obs.]
Swift.
