SACK
Sack, n. Etym: [OE. seck, F. sec dry (cf. Sp. seco, It secco), from
L. siccus dry, harsh; perhaps akin to Gr. sikata sand, Ir. sesc dry,
W. hysp. Cf. Desiccate.]

Defn: A anme formerly given to various dry Spanish wines. "Sherris
sack." Shak. Sack posset, a posset made of sack, and some other
ingredients.
SACK

=====
Sack, n. Etym: [OE. sak, sek, AS. sacc, sæcc, L. saccus, Gr. sak; cf.
F. sac from the Latin. Cf. Sac, Satchel, Sack to plunder.]

1. A bag for holding and carrying goods of any kind; a receptacle
made of some kind of pliable material, as cloth, leather, and the
like; a large pouch.

2. A measure of varying capacity, according to local usage and the
substance. The American sack of salt is 215 pounds; the sack of
wheat, two bushels. McElrath.

3. Etym: [Perhaps a different word.]

Defn: Originally, a loosely hanging garnment for women, worn like a
cloak about the shoulders, and serving as a decorative appendage to
the gown; now, an outer garment with sleeves, worn by women; as, a
dressing saek. [Written also sacque.]

4. A sack coat; a kind of coat worn by men, and extending from top to
bottom without a cross seam.

5. (Biol.)

Defn: See 2d Sac, 2. Sack bearer (Zoöl.). See Basket worm, under
Basket.
 -- Sack tree (Bot.), an East Indian tree (Antiaris saccidora) which
is cut into lengths, and made into sacks by turning the bark inside
out, and leaving a slice of the wood for a bottom.
 -- To give the sack to or get the sack, to discharge, or be
discharged, from employment; to jilt, or be jilted. [Slang]
SACK

=====
Sack, v. t.

1. To put in a sack; to bag; as, to sack corn.
Bolsters sacked in cloth, blue and crimson. L. Wallace.

2. To bear or carry in a sack upon the back or the shoulders.
[Colloq.]
SACK

=====
Sack, n. Etym: [F. sac plunder, pillage, originally, a pack, packet,
booty packed up, fr. L. saccus. See Sack a bag.]

Defn: the pillage or plunder, as of a town or city; the storm and
plunder of a town; devastation; ravage.
The town was stormed, and delivered up to sack, -- by which phrase is
to be understood the perpetration of all those outrages which the
ruthless code of war allowed, in that age, on the persons and
property of the defenseless inhabitants, without regard to sex or
age. Prescott.
SACK

=====
Sack, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Sacked; p. pr. & vb. n. Sacking.] Etym:
[See Sack pillage.]

Defn: To plunder or pillage, as a town or city; to devastate; to
ravage.
The Romans lay under the apprehension of seeing their city sacked by
a barbarous enemy. Addison.
