SANSKRIT
San"skrit, n. Etym: [Skr. Samskrsta the Sanskrit language, literally,
the perfect, polished, or classical language, fr. samskrsta prepared,
wrought, made,excellent, perfect; sam together (akin to E. same) +
krsta made. See Same, Create.] [Written also Sanscrit.]

Defn: The ancient language of the Hindoos, long since obsolete in
vernacular use, but preserved to the present day as the literary and
sacred dialect of India. It is nearly allied to the Persian, and to
the principal languages of Europe, classical and modern, and by its
more perfect preservation of the roots and forms of the primitive
language from which they are all descended, is a most important
assistance in determining their history and relations. Cf. Prakrit,
and Veda.
SANSKRIT

=====
San"skrit, a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to Sanskrit; written in Sanskrit; as, a
Sanskrit dictionary or inscription.

=====
San"skrit, n. Etym: [Skr. Samskrsta the Sanskrit language, literally,
the perfect, polished, or classical language, fr. samskrsta prepared,
wrought, made,excellent, perfect; sam together (akin to E. same) +
krsta made. See Same, Create.] [Written also Sanscrit.]

Defn: The ancient language of the Hindoos, long since obsolete in
vernacular use, but preserved to the present day as the literary and
sacred dialect of India. It is nearly allied to the Persian, and to
the principal languages of Europe, classical and modern, and by its
more perfect preservation of the roots and forms of the primitive
language from which they are all descended, is a most important
assistance in determining their history and relations. Cf. Prakrit,
and Veda.

=====
San"skrit, a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to Sanskrit; written in Sanskrit; as, a
Sanskrit dictionary or inscription.
