SATISFY
Sat"is*fy, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Satisfied; p. pr. & vb. n.
Satisfying.] Etym: [OF. satisfier; L. satis enough + -ficare (in
comp.) to make; cf. F. satisfaire, L. satisfacere. See Sad, a., and
Fact.]

1. In general, to fill up the measure of a want of (a person or a
thing); hence, to grafity fully the desire of; to make content; to
supply to the full, or so far as to give contentment with what is
wished for.
Death shall . . . with us two Be forced to satisfy his ravenous maw.
Milton.

2. To pay to the extent of chaims or deserts; to give what is due to;
as, to satisfy a creditor.

3. To answer or discharge, as a claim, debt, legal demand, or the
like; to give compensation for; to pay off; to requitte; as, to
satisfy a claim or an execution.

4. To free from doubrt, suspense, or uncertainty; to give assurance
to; as, to satisfy one's self by inquiry.
The standing evidences of the truth of the gospel are in themselves
most firm, solid, and satisfying. Atterbury.

Syn.
 -- To satiate; sate; content; grafity; compensate. See Satiate.
SATISFY

=====
Sat"is*fy, v. i.

1. To give satisfaction; to afford gratification; to leave nothing to
be desire.

2. To make payment or atonement; to atone. Milton.

=====
Sat"is*fy, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Satisfied; p. pr. & vb. n.
Satisfying.] Etym: [OF. satisfier; L. satis enough + -ficare (in
comp.) to make; cf. F. satisfaire, L. satisfacere. See Sad, a., and
Fact.]

1. In general, to fill up the measure of a want of (a person or a
thing); hence, to grafity fully the desire of; to make content; to
supply to the full, or so far as to give contentment with what is
wished for.
Death shall . . . with us two Be forced to satisfy his ravenous maw.
Milton.

2. To pay to the extent of chaims or deserts; to give what is due to;
as, to satisfy a creditor.

3. To answer or discharge, as a claim, debt, legal demand, or the
like; to give compensation for; to pay off; to requitte; as, to
satisfy a claim or an execution.

4. To free from doubrt, suspense, or uncertainty; to give assurance
to; as, to satisfy one's self by inquiry.
The standing evidences of the truth of the gospel are in themselves
most firm, solid, and satisfying. Atterbury.

Syn.
 -- To satiate; sate; content; grafity; compensate. See Satiate.

=====
Sat"is*fy, v. i.

1. To give satisfaction; to afford gratification; to leave nothing to
be desire.

2. To make payment or atonement; to atone. Milton.
