SCALLOP
Scal"lop, n. Etym: [OF. escalope a shell, probably of German or Dutch
origin, and akin to E. scale of a fish; cf. D. schelp shell. See
Scale of a fish, and cf. Escalop.] [Written also scollop.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of marine bivalve mollusks of the
genus Pecten and allied genera of the family Pectinidæ. The shell is
usually radially ribbed, and the edge is therefore often undulated in
a characteristic manner. The large adductor muscle of some the
species is much used as food. One species (Vola Jacobæus) occurs on
the coast of Palestine, and its shell was formerly worn by pilgrims
as a mark that they had been to the Holy Land. Called also fan shell.
See Pecten, 2.

Note: The common edible scallop of the Eastern United States is
Pecten irradians; the large sea scallop, also used as food, is P.
Clontonius, or tenuicostastus.

2. One of series of segments of circles joined at their extremities,
forming a border like the edge or surface of a scallop shell.

3. One of the shells of a scallop; also, a dish resembling a scallop
shell.
SCALLOP

=====
Scal"lop, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Scalloped; p. pr. & vb. n. Scalloping.]

1. To mark or cut the edge or border of into segments of circles,
like the edge or surface of a scallop shell. See Scallop, n., 2.

2. (Cookery)

Defn: To bake in scallop shells or dishes; to prepare with crumbs of
bread or cracker, and bake. See Scalloped oysters, below.

=====
Scal"lop, n. Etym: [OF. escalope a shell, probably of German or Dutch
origin, and akin to E. scale of a fish; cf. D. schelp shell. See
Scale of a fish, and cf. Escalop.] [Written also scollop.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of marine bivalve mollusks of the
genus Pecten and allied genera of the family Pectinidæ. The shell is
usually radially ribbed, and the edge is therefore often undulated in
a characteristic manner. The large adductor muscle of some the
species is much used as food. One species (Vola Jacobæus) occurs on
the coast of Palestine, and its shell was formerly worn by pilgrims
as a mark that they had been to the Holy Land. Called also fan shell.
See Pecten, 2.

Note: The common edible scallop of the Eastern United States is
Pecten irradians; the large sea scallop, also used as food, is P.
Clontonius, or tenuicostastus.

2. One of series of segments of circles joined at their extremities,
forming a border like the edge or surface of a scallop shell.

3. One of the shells of a scallop; also, a dish resembling a scallop
shell.

=====
Scal"lop, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Scalloped; p. pr. & vb. n. Scalloping.]

1. To mark or cut the edge or border of into segments of circles,
like the edge or surface of a scallop shell. See Scallop, n., 2.

2. (Cookery)

Defn: To bake in scallop shells or dishes; to prepare with crumbs of
bread or cracker, and bake. See Scalloped oysters, below.
