SCOT
Scot, n.

Defn: A name for a horse. [Obs.] Chaucer.
SCOT

=====
Scot, n. Etym: [Cf. L. Skoti, pl., AS. Scotta, pl. Skottas,
Sceottas.]

Defn: A native or inhabitant of Scotland; a Scotsman, or Scotchman.
SCOT

=====
Scot, n. Etym: [Icel. skot; or OF. escot, F. écot, LL. scottum,
scotum, from a kindred German word; akin to AS. scot, and E. shot,
shoot; cf. AS. sceótan to shoot, to contribute. See Shoot, and cf.
Shot.]

Defn: A portion of money assessed or paid; a tax or contribution; a
mulct; a fine; a shot. Scot and lot, formerly, a parish assessment
laid on subjects according to their ability. [Eng.] Cowell. Now, a
phrase for obligations of every kind regarded collectivelly.
Experienced men of the world know very well that it is best to pay
scot and lot as they go along. Emerson.

=====
Scot, n.

Defn: A name for a horse. [Obs.] Chaucer.

=====
Scot, n. Etym: [Cf. L. Skoti, pl., AS. Scotta, pl. Skottas,
Sceottas.]

Defn: A native or inhabitant of Scotland; a Scotsman, or Scotchman.

=====
Scot, n. Etym: [Icel. skot; or OF. escot, F. écot, LL. scottum,
scotum, from a kindred German word; akin to AS. scot, and E. shot,
shoot; cf. AS. sceótan to shoot, to contribute. See Shoot, and cf.
Shot.]

Defn: A portion of money assessed or paid; a tax or contribution; a
mulct; a fine; a shot. Scot and lot, formerly, a parish assessment
laid on subjects according to their ability. [Eng.] Cowell. Now, a
phrase for obligations of every kind regarded collectivelly.
Experienced men of the world know very well that it is best to pay
scot and lot as they go along. Emerson.
