SCREECH
Screech, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Screeched; p. pr. & vb. n. Screeching.]
Etym: [Also formerly, scritch, OE. skriken, skrichen, schriken, of
Scand. origin; cf. Icel. skrækja to shriek, to screech, skrija to
titter, Sw. skrika to shriek, Dan. skrige; also Gael. sgreach,
sgreuch, W. ysgrechio, Skr. kharj to creak. Cf. Shriek, v., Scream,
v.]

Defn: To utter a harsh, shrill cry; to make a sharp outcry, as in
terror or acute pain; to scream; to shriek. "The screech owl,
screeching loud." Shak.
SCREECH

=====
Screech, n.

Defn: A harsh, shrill cry, as of one in acute pain or in fright; a
shriek; a scream. Screech bird, or Screech thrush (Zoöl.), the
fieldfare; -- so called from its harsh cry before rain.
 -- Screech rain.
 -- Screech hawk (Zoöl.), the European goatsucker; -- so called from
its note. [Prov. Eng.] -- Screech owl. (Zoöl.) (a) A small American
owl (Scops asio), either gray or reddish in color. (b) The European
barn owl. The name is applied also to other species.

=====
Screech, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Screeched; p. pr. & vb. n. Screeching.]
Etym: [Also formerly, scritch, OE. skriken, skrichen, schriken, of
Scand. origin; cf. Icel. skrækja to shriek, to screech, skrija to
titter, Sw. skrika to shriek, Dan. skrige; also Gael. sgreach,
sgreuch, W. ysgrechio, Skr. kharj to creak. Cf. Shriek, v., Scream,
v.]

Defn: To utter a harsh, shrill cry; to make a sharp outcry, as in
terror or acute pain; to scream; to shriek. "The screech owl,
screeching loud." Shak.

=====
Screech, n.

Defn: A harsh, shrill cry, as of one in acute pain or in fright; a
shriek; a scream. Screech bird, or Screech thrush (Zoöl.), the
fieldfare; -- so called from its harsh cry before rain.
 -- Screech rain.
 -- Screech hawk (Zoöl.), the European goatsucker; -- so called from
its note. [Prov. Eng.] -- Screech owl. (Zoöl.) (a) A small American
owl (Scops asio), either gray or reddish in color. (b) The European
barn owl. The name is applied also to other species.
