SCUFFLE
Scuf"fle, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Scuffled; p. pr. & vb. n. Scuffling.]
Etym: [Freq. of scuff, v.i.; cf. Sw. skuffa to push, shove, skuff a
push, Dan. skuffe a drawer, a shovel, and E. shuffle, shove. See
Shove, and cf. Shuffle.]

1. To strive or struggle with a close grapple; to wrestle in a rough
fashion.

2. Hence, to strive or contend tumultuously; to struggle confusedly
or at haphazard.
A gallant man had rather fight to great disadvantage in the field, in
an orderly way, than scuffle with an undisciplined rabble. Eikon
Basilike.
SCUFFLE

=====
Scuf"fle, n.

1. A rough, haphazard struggle, or trial of strength; a disorderly
wrestling at close quarters.

2. Hence, a confused contest; a tumultuous struggle for superiority;
a fight.
The dog leaps upon the serpent, and tears it to pieces; but in the
scuffle the cradle happened to be overturned. L'Estrange.

3. A child's pinafore or bib. [Prov. Eng.]

4. A garden hoe. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.

=====
Scuf"fle, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Scuffled; p. pr. & vb. n. Scuffling.]
Etym: [Freq. of scuff, v.i.; cf. Sw. skuffa to push, shove, skuff a
push, Dan. skuffe a drawer, a shovel, and E. shuffle, shove. See
Shove, and cf. Shuffle.]

1. To strive or struggle with a close grapple; to wrestle in a rough
fashion.

2. Hence, to strive or contend tumultuously; to struggle confusedly
or at haphazard.
A gallant man had rather fight to great disadvantage in the field, in
an orderly way, than scuffle with an undisciplined rabble. Eikon
Basilike.

=====
Scuf"fle, n.

1. A rough, haphazard struggle, or trial of strength; a disorderly
wrestling at close quarters.

2. Hence, a confused contest; a tumultuous struggle for superiority;
a fight.
The dog leaps upon the serpent, and tears it to pieces; but in the
scuffle the cradle happened to be overturned. L'Estrange.

3. A child's pinafore or bib. [Prov. Eng.]

4. A garden hoe. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.
