SENTINEL
Sen"ti*nel, n. Etym: [F. sentinelle (cf. It. sentinella); probably
originally, a litle path, the sentinel's beat,, and a dim. of a word
meaning, path; cf. F. sente path. L. semita; and OF. sentine,
sentele, senteret, diminutive words. Cf. Sentry.]

1. One who watches or guards; specifically (Mil.), a soldier set to
guard an army, camp, or other place, from surprise, to observe the
approach of danger, and give notice of it; a sentry.
The sentinels who paced the ramparts. Macaulay.

2. Watch; guard. [Obs.] "That princes do keep due sentinel." Bacon.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A marine crab (Podophthalmus vigil) native of the Indian Ocean,
remarkable for the great length of its eyestalks; -- called also
sentinel crab.
SENTINEL

=====
Sen"ti*nel, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Sentineled or Sentinelled; p. pr. &
vb. n. Sentineling or Sentinelling.]

1. To watch over like a sentinel. "To sentinel enchanted land." [R.]
Sir W. Scott.

2. To furnish with a sentinel; to place under the guard of a sentinel
or sentinels.

=====
Sen"ti*nel, n. Etym: [F. sentinelle (cf. It. sentinella); probably
originally, a litle path, the sentinel's beat,, and a dim. of a word
meaning, path; cf. F. sente path. L. semita; and OF. sentine,
sentele, senteret, diminutive words. Cf. Sentry.]

1. One who watches or guards; specifically (Mil.), a soldier set to
guard an army, camp, or other place, from surprise, to observe the
approach of danger, and give notice of it; a sentry.
The sentinels who paced the ramparts. Macaulay.

2. Watch; guard. [Obs.] "That princes do keep due sentinel." Bacon.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A marine crab (Podophthalmus vigil) native of the Indian Ocean,
remarkable for the great length of its eyestalks; -- called also
sentinel crab.

=====
Sen"ti*nel, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Sentineled or Sentinelled; p. pr. &
vb. n. Sentineling or Sentinelling.]

1. To watch over like a sentinel. "To sentinel enchanted land." [R.]
Sir W. Scott.

2. To furnish with a sentinel; to place under the guard of a sentinel
or sentinels.
