SHEPHERD
Shep"herd, n. Etym: [OE. schepherde, schephirde, AS. sceáphyrde;
sceáp sheep + hyrde, hirde, heorde, a herd, a guardian. See Sheep,
and Herd.]

1. A man employed in tending, feeding, and guarding sheep, esp. a
flock grazing at large.

2. The pastor of a church; one with the religious guidance of others.
Shepherd bird (Zoöl.), the crested screamer. See Screamer.
 -- Shepherd dog (Zoöl.), a breed of dogs used largely for the
herding and care of sheep. There are several kinds, as the collie, or
Scotch shepherd dog, and the English shepherd dog. Called also
shepherd's dog.
 -- Shepherd dog, a name of Pan. Keats.
 -- Shepherd kings, the chiefs of a nomadic people who invaded Egypt
from the East in the traditional period, and conquered it, at least
in part. They were expelled after about five hundred years, and
attempts have been made to connect their expulsion with narrative in
the book of Exodus.
 -- Shepherd's club (Bot.), the common mullein. See Mullein.
 -- Shepherd's crook, a long staff having the end curved so as to
form a large hook, -- used by shepherds.
 -- Shepherd's needle (Bot.), the lady's comb.
 -- Shepherd's plaid, a kind of woolen cloth of a checkered black and
white pattern.
 -- Shephered spider (Zoöl.), a daddy longlegs, or harvestman.
 -- Shepherd's pouch, or Shepherd's purse (Bot.), an annual
cruciferous plant (Capsella Bursapastoris) bearing small white
flowers and pouchlike pods. See Illust. of Silicle.
 -- Shepherd's rod, or Shepherd's staff (Bot.), the small teasel.
SHEPHERD

=====
Shep"herd, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Shepherded; p. pr. & vb. n.
Shepherding.]

Defn: To tend as a shepherd; to guard, herd, lead, or drive, as a
shepherd. [Poetic]
White, fleecy clouds . . .
Shepherded by the slow, unwilling wind. Shelley.

=====
Shep"herd, n. Etym: [OE. schepherde, schephirde, AS. sceáphyrde;
sceáp sheep + hyrde, hirde, heorde, a herd, a guardian. See Sheep,
and Herd.]

1. A man employed in tending, feeding, and guarding sheep, esp. a
flock grazing at large.

2. The pastor of a church; one with the religious guidance of others.
Shepherd bird (Zoöl.), the crested screamer. See Screamer.
 -- Shepherd dog (Zoöl.), a breed of dogs used largely for the
herding and care of sheep. There are several kinds, as the collie, or
Scotch shepherd dog, and the English shepherd dog. Called also
shepherd's dog.
 -- Shepherd dog, a name of Pan. Keats.
 -- Shepherd kings, the chiefs of a nomadic people who invaded Egypt
from the East in the traditional period, and conquered it, at least
in part. They were expelled after about five hundred years, and
attempts have been made to connect their expulsion with narrative in
the book of Exodus.
 -- Shepherd's club (Bot.), the common mullein. See Mullein.
 -- Shepherd's crook, a long staff having the end curved so as to
form a large hook, -- used by shepherds.
 -- Shepherd's needle (Bot.), the lady's comb.
 -- Shepherd's plaid, a kind of woolen cloth of a checkered black and
white pattern.
 -- Shephered spider (Zoöl.), a daddy longlegs, or harvestman.
 -- Shepherd's pouch, or Shepherd's purse (Bot.), an annual
cruciferous plant (Capsella Bursapastoris) bearing small white
flowers and pouchlike pods. See Illust. of Silicle.
 -- Shepherd's rod, or Shepherd's staff (Bot.), the small teasel.

=====
Shep"herd, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Shepherded; p. pr. & vb. n.
Shepherding.]

Defn: To tend as a shepherd; to guard, herd, lead, or drive, as a
shepherd. [Poetic]
White, fleecy clouds . . .
Shepherded by the slow, unwilling wind. Shelley.
