SHILLING
Shil"ling, n. Etym: [OE. shilling, schilling, AS. scilling; akin to
D. schelling, OS. & OHG. scilling, G. schilling, Sw. & Dan. skilling,
Icel. skillingr, Goth. skilliggs, and perh. to OHG. scellan to sound,
G. schallen.]

1. A silver coin, and money of account, of Great Britain and its
dependencies, equal to twelve pence, or the twentieth part of a
pound, equivalent to about twenty-four cents of the United States
currency.

2. In the United States, a denomination of money, differing in value
in different States. It is not now legally recognized.

Note: Many of the States while colonies had issued bills of credit
which had depreciated in different degrees in the different colonies.
Thus, in New England currency (used also in Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Mississippi, Alabama, and
Florida), after the adoption of the decimal system, the pound in
paper money was worth only $3.333, and the shilling 16 Am. Cyc.

3. The Spanish real, of the value of one eight of a dollar, or 12
York shilling. Same as Shilling, 3.

=====
Shil"ling, n. Etym: [OE. shilling, schilling, AS. scilling; akin to
D. schelling, OS. & OHG. scilling, G. schilling, Sw. & Dan. skilling,
Icel. skillingr, Goth. skilliggs, and perh. to OHG. scellan to sound,
G. schallen.]

1. A silver coin, and money of account, of Great Britain and its
dependencies, equal to twelve pence, or the twentieth part of a
pound, equivalent to about twenty-four cents of the United States
currency.

2. In the United States, a denomination of money, differing in value
in different States. It is not now legally recognized.

Note: Many of the States while colonies had issued bills of credit
which had depreciated in different degrees in the different colonies.
Thus, in New England currency (used also in Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Mississippi, Alabama, and
Florida), after the adoption of the decimal system, the pound in
paper money was worth only $3.333, and the shilling 16 Am. Cyc.

3. The Spanish real, of the value of one eight of a dollar, or 12
York shilling. Same as Shilling, 3.
