SINUS
Si"nus, n.; pl. L. Sinus, E. Sinuses. Etym: [L., a bent surface, a
curve, the folds or bosom of a garment, etc., a bay. Cf. Sine, n.]

1. An opening; a hollow; a bending.

2. A bay of the sea; a recess in the shore.

3. (Anat. & Zoöl.)

Defn: A cavity; a depression. Specifically:
(a) A cavity in a bone or other part, either closed or with a narrow
opening.
(b) A dilated vessel or canal.

4. (Med.)

Defn: A narrow, elongated cavity, in which pus is collected; an
elongated abscess with only a small orifice.

5. (Bot.)

Defn: A depression between adjoining lobes.

Note: A sinus may be rounded, as in the leaf of the white oak, or
acute, as in that of the red maple. Pallial sinus. (Zoöl.) See under
Pallial.
 -- Sinus venosus. Etym: [L., venous dilatation.] (Anat.) (a) The
main part of the cavity of the right auricle of the heart in the
higher vertebrates. (b) In the lower vertebrates, a distinct chamber
of the heart formed by the union of the large systematic veins and
opening into the auricle.

=====
Si"nus, n.; pl. L. Sinus, E. Sinuses. Etym: [L., a bent surface, a
curve, the folds or bosom of a garment, etc., a bay. Cf. Sine, n.]

1. An opening; a hollow; a bending.

2. A bay of the sea; a recess in the shore.

3. (Anat. & Zoöl.)

Defn: A cavity; a depression. Specifically:
(a) A cavity in a bone or other part, either closed or with a narrow
opening.
(b) A dilated vessel or canal.

4. (Med.)

Defn: A narrow, elongated cavity, in which pus is collected; an
elongated abscess with only a small orifice.

5. (Bot.)

Defn: A depression between adjoining lobes.

Note: A sinus may be rounded, as in the leaf of the white oak, or
acute, as in that of the red maple. Pallial sinus. (Zoöl.) See under
Pallial.
 -- Sinus venosus. Etym: [L., venous dilatation.] (Anat.) (a) The
main part of the cavity of the right auricle of the heart in the
higher vertebrates. (b) In the lower vertebrates, a distinct chamber
of the heart formed by the union of the large systematic veins and
opening into the auricle.
