SKUNK
Skunk, n. Etym: [Contr. from the Abenaki (American Indian) seganku.]
(Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of several species of American musteline carnivores of
the genus Mephitis and allied genera. They have two glands near the
anus, secreting an extremely fetid liquid, which the animal ejects at
pleasure as a means of defense.

Note: The common species of the Eastern United States (Mephitis
mephitica) is black with more or less white on the body and tail. The
spotted skunk (Spilogale putorius), native of the Southwestern United
States and Mexico, is smaller than the common skunk, and is variously
marked with black and white. Skunk bird, Skunk blackbird (Zoöl.), the
bobolink; -- so called because the male, in the breeding season, is
black and white, like a skunk.
 -- Skunk cabbage (Bot.), an American aroid herb (Symplocarpus
foetidus) having a reddish hornlike spathe in earliest spring,
followed by a cluster of large cabbagelike leaves. It exhales a
disagreeable odor. Also called swamp cabbage.
 -- Skunk porpoise. (Zoöl.) See under Porpoise.
SKUNK

=====
Skunk, v. t.

Defn: In games of chance and skill: To defeat (an opponent) (as in
cards) so that he fails to gain a point, or (in checkers) to get a
king. [Colloq.

Defn: U. S.]

=====
Skunk, n. Etym: [Contr. from the Abenaki (American Indian) seganku.]
(Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of several species of American musteline carnivores of
the genus Mephitis and allied genera. They have two glands near the
anus, secreting an extremely fetid liquid, which the animal ejects at
pleasure as a means of defense.

Note: The common species of the Eastern United States (Mephitis
mephitica) is black with more or less white on the body and tail. The
spotted skunk (Spilogale putorius), native of the Southwestern United
States and Mexico, is smaller than the common skunk, and is variously
marked with black and white. Skunk bird, Skunk blackbird (Zoöl.), the
bobolink; -- so called because the male, in the breeding season, is
black and white, like a skunk.
 -- Skunk cabbage (Bot.), an American aroid herb (Symplocarpus
foetidus) having a reddish hornlike spathe in earliest spring,
followed by a cluster of large cabbagelike leaves. It exhales a
disagreeable odor. Also called swamp cabbage.
 -- Skunk porpoise. (Zoöl.) See under Porpoise.

=====
Skunk, v. t.

Defn: In games of chance and skill: To defeat (an opponent) (as in
cards) so that he fails to gain a point, or (in checkers) to get a
king. [Colloq.

Defn: U. S.]
