SLATE
Slate, n. Etym: [OE. slat, OF. esclat a shiver, splinter, F. éclat,
fr. OF. esclater to shiver, to chip, F. éclater, fr. OHG. sliezen to
tear, slit, split, fr. slizan to slit, G. schleissen. See Slit, v.
t., and cf. Eclat.]

1. (Min.)

Defn: An argillaceous rock which readily splits into thin plates;
argillite; argillaceous schist.

2. Any rock or stone having a slaty structure.

3. A prepared piece of such stone. Especially:
(a) A thin, flat piece, for roofing or covering houses, etc.
(b) A tablet for writing upon.

4. An artificial material, resembling slate, and used for the above
purposes.

5. A thin plate of any material; a flake. [Obs.]

6. (Politics)

Defn: A list of candidates, prepared for nomination or for election;
a list of candidates, or a programme of action, devised beforehand.
[Cant, U.S.] Bartlett. Adhesive slate (Min.), a kind of slate of a
greenish gray color, which absorbs water rapidly, and adheres to the
tongue; whence the name.
 -- Aluminous slate, or Alum slate (Min.), a kind of slate containing
sulphate of alumina, -- used in the manufacture of alum.
 -- Bituminous slate (Min.), a soft species of sectile clay slate,
impregnated with bitumen.
 -- Hornblende slate (Min.), a slaty rock, consisting essentially of
hornblende and feldspar, useful for flagging on account of its
toughness.
 -- Slate ax or axe, a mattock with an ax end, used in shaping slates
for roofs, and making holes in them for the nails.
 -- Slate clay (Geol.), an indurated clay, forming one of the
alternating beds of the coal measures, consisting of an infusible
compound of alumina and silica, and often used for making fire
bricks. Tomlinson.
 -- Slate globe, a globe the surface of which is made of an
artificial slatelike material.
 -- Slate pencil, a pencil of slate, or of soapstone, used for
writing on a slate.
 -- Slate rocks (Min.), rocks which split into thin laminæ, not
necessarily parallel to the stratification; foliated rocks.
 -- Slate spar (Min.), a variety of calcite of silvery white luster
and of a slaty structure.
 -- Transparent slate, a plate of translucent material, as ground
glass, upon which a copy of a picture, placed beneath it, can be made
by tracing.
SLATE

=====
Slate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Slated; p. pr. & vb. n. Slating.]

1. To cover with slate, or with a substance resembling slate; as, to
slate a roof; to slate a globe.

2. To register (as on a slate and subject to revision), for an
appointment. [Polit. Cant]
SLATE

=====
Slate, v. t. Etym: [Cf. AS. slæting a privilege of hunting.]

Defn: To set a dog upon; to bait; to slat. See 2d Slat, 3. [Prov.
Eng. & Scot.] [Written also slete.] Ray.

=====
Slate, n. Etym: [OE. slat, OF. esclat a shiver, splinter, F. éclat,
fr. OF. esclater to shiver, to chip, F. éclater, fr. OHG. sliezen to
tear, slit, split, fr. slizan to slit, G. schleissen. See Slit, v.
t., and cf. Eclat.]

1. (Min.)

Defn: An argillaceous rock which readily splits into thin plates;
argillite; argillaceous schist.

2. Any rock or stone having a slaty structure.

3. A prepared piece of such stone. Especially:
(a) A thin, flat piece, for roofing or covering houses, etc.
(b) A tablet for writing upon.

4. An artificial material, resembling slate, and used for the above
purposes.

5. A thin plate of any material; a flake. [Obs.]

6. (Politics)

Defn: A list of candidates, prepared for nomination or for election;
a list of candidates, or a programme of action, devised beforehand.
[Cant, U.S.] Bartlett. Adhesive slate (Min.), a kind of slate of a
greenish gray color, which absorbs water rapidly, and adheres to the
tongue; whence the name.
 -- Aluminous slate, or Alum slate (Min.), a kind of slate containing
sulphate of alumina, -- used in the manufacture of alum.
 -- Bituminous slate (Min.), a soft species of sectile clay slate,
impregnated with bitumen.
 -- Hornblende slate (Min.), a slaty rock, consisting essentially of
hornblende and feldspar, useful for flagging on account of its
toughness.
 -- Slate ax or axe, a mattock with an ax end, used in shaping slates
for roofs, and making holes in them for the nails.
 -- Slate clay (Geol.), an indurated clay, forming one of the
alternating beds of the coal measures, consisting of an infusible
compound of alumina and silica, and often used for making fire
bricks. Tomlinson.
 -- Slate globe, a globe the surface of which is made of an
artificial slatelike material.
 -- Slate pencil, a pencil of slate, or of soapstone, used for
writing on a slate.
 -- Slate rocks (Min.), rocks which split into thin laminæ, not
necessarily parallel to the stratification; foliated rocks.
 -- Slate spar (Min.), a variety of calcite of silvery white luster
and of a slaty structure.
 -- Transparent slate, a plate of translucent material, as ground
glass, upon which a copy of a picture, placed beneath it, can be made
by tracing.

=====
Slate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Slated; p. pr. & vb. n. Slating.]

1. To cover with slate, or with a substance resembling slate; as, to
slate a roof; to slate a globe.

2. To register (as on a slate and subject to revision), for an
appointment. [Polit. Cant]

=====
Slate, v. t. Etym: [Cf. AS. slæting a privilege of hunting.]

Defn: To set a dog upon; to bait; to slat. See 2d Slat, 3. [Prov.
Eng. & Scot.] [Written also slete.] Ray.
