SNAG
Snag, n. Etym: [Prov. E., n., a lump on a tree where a branch has
been cut off; v., to cut off the twigs and small branches from a
tree, of Celtic origin; cf. Gael. snaigh, snaidh, to cut down, to
prune, to sharpen, p. p. snaighte, snaidhte, cut off, lopped, Ir.
snaigh a hewing, cutting.]

1. A stump or base of a branch that has been lopped off; a short
branch, or a sharp or rough branch; a knot; a protuberance.
The coat of arms Now on a naked snag in triumph borne. Dryden.

2. A tooth projecting beyond the rest; contemptuously, a broken or
decayed tooth. Prior.

3. A tree, or a branch of a tree, fixed in the bottom of a river or
other navigable water, and rising nearly or quite to the surface, by
which boats are sometimes pierced and sunk.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the secondary branches of an antler. Snag boat, a
steamboat fitted with apparatus for removing snags and other
obstructions in navigable streams. [U.S.] -- Snag tooth. Same as
Snag, 2.
How thy snag teeth stand orderly, Like stakes which strut by the
water side. J. Cotgrave.
SNAG

=====
Snag, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Snagged; p. pr. & vb. n. Snagging.]

1. To cut the snags or branches from, as the stem of a tree; to hew
roughly. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.

2. To injure or destroy, as a steamboat or other vessel, by a snag,
or projecting part of a sunken tree. [U. S.]

=====
Snag, n. Etym: [Prov. E., n., a lump on a tree where a branch has
been cut off; v., to cut off the twigs and small branches from a
tree, of Celtic origin; cf. Gael. snaigh, snaidh, to cut down, to
prune, to sharpen, p. p. snaighte, snaidhte, cut off, lopped, Ir.
snaigh a hewing, cutting.]

1. A stump or base of a branch that has been lopped off; a short
branch, or a sharp or rough branch; a knot; a protuberance.
The coat of arms Now on a naked snag in triumph borne. Dryden.

2. A tooth projecting beyond the rest; contemptuously, a broken or
decayed tooth. Prior.

3. A tree, or a branch of a tree, fixed in the bottom of a river or
other navigable water, and rising nearly or quite to the surface, by
which boats are sometimes pierced and sunk.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the secondary branches of an antler. Snag boat, a
steamboat fitted with apparatus for removing snags and other
obstructions in navigable streams. [U.S.] -- Snag tooth. Same as
Snag, 2.
How thy snag teeth stand orderly, Like stakes which strut by the
water side. J. Cotgrave.

=====
Snag, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Snagged; p. pr. & vb. n. Snagging.]

1. To cut the snags or branches from, as the stem of a tree; to hew
roughly. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.

2. To injure or destroy, as a steamboat or other vessel, by a snag,
or projecting part of a sunken tree. [U. S.]
