SNOW
Snow, n. Etym: [LG. snaue, or D. snaauw, from LG. snau a snout, a
beak.] (Naut.)

Defn: A square-rigged vessel, differing from a brig only in that she
has a trysail mast close abaft the mainmast, on which a large trysail
is hoisted.
SNOW

=====
Snow, n. Etym: [OE. snow, snaw, AS. snaw; akin to D. sneeuw, OS. &
OHG. sneo, G. schnee, Icel. snær, snjor, snajar, Sw. snö, Dan. snee,
Goth. snaiws, Lith. snëgas, Russ. snieg', Ir. & Gael. sneachd, W.
nyf, L. nix, nivis, Gr. acc. ni`fa, also AS. sniwan to snow, G.
schneien, OHG. sniwan, Lith. snigti, L. ningit it snows, Gr. ni`fei,
Zend snizh to snow; cf. Skr. snih to be wet or sticky. sq. root172.]

1. Watery particles congealed into white or transparent crystals or
flakes in the air, and falling to the earth, exhibiting a great
variety of very beautiful and perfect forms.

Note: Snow is often used to form compounds, most of which are of
obvious meaning; as, snow-capped, snow-clad, snow-cold, snow-crowned,
snow-crust, snow-fed, snow-haired, snowlike, snow-mantled, snow-
nodding, snow-wrought, and the like.

2. Fig.: Something white like snow, as the white color (argent) in
heraldry; something which falls in, or as in, flakes.
The field of snow with eagle of black therein. Chaucer.
Red snow. See under Red. Snow bunting. (Zoöl.) See Snowbird, 1.
 -- Snow cock (Zoöl.), the snow pheasant.
 -- Snow flea (Zoöl.), a small black leaping poduran (Achorutes
nivicola) often found in winter on the snow in vast numbers.
 -- Snow flood, a flood from melted snow.
 -- Snow flower (Bot.), the fringe tree.
 -- Snow fly, or Snow insect (Zoöl.), any one of several species of
neuropterous insects of the genus Boreus. The male has rudimentary
wings; the female is wingless. These insects sometimes appear
creeping and leaping on the snow in great numbers.
 -- Snow gnat (Zoöl.), any wingless dipterous insect of the genus
Chionea found running on snow in winter.
 -- Snow goose (Zoöl.), any one of several species of arctic geese of
the genus Chen. The common snow goose (Chen hyperborea), common in
the Western United States in winter, is white, with the tips of the
wings black and legs and bill red. Called also white brant, wavey,
and Texas goose. The blue, or blue-winged, snow goose (C.
coerulescens) is varied with grayish brown and bluish gray, with the
wing quills black and the head and upper part of the neck white.
Called also white head, white-headed goose, and bald brant.
 -- Snow leopard (Zool.), the ounce.
 -- Snow line, lowest limit of perpetual snow. In the Alps this is at
an altitude of 9,000 feet, in the Andes, at the equator, 16,000 feet.
 -- Snow mouse (Zoöl.), a European vole (Arvicola nivalis) which
inhabits the Alps and other high mountains.
 -- Snow pheasant (Zoöl.), any one of several species of large,
handsome gallinaceous birds of the genus Tetraogallus, native of the
lofty mountains of Asia. The Himalayn snow pheasant (T.Himalayensis)
in the best-known species. Called also snow cock, and snow chukor.
 -- Snow partridge. (Zoöl.) See under Partridge.
 -- Snow pigeon (Zoöl.), a pigeon (Columba leuconota) native of the
Himalaya mountains. Its back, neck, and rump are white, the top of
the head and the ear coverts are black.
 -- Snow plant (Bot.), a fleshy parasitic herb (Sarcodes sanguinea)
growing in the coniferous forests of California. It is all of a
bright red color, and is fabled to grow from the snow, through which
it sometimes shoots up.
SNOW

=====
Snow, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Snowed (; p. pr. & vb. n. Snowing.]

Defn: To fall in or as snow; -- chiefly used impersonally; as, it
snows; it snowed yesterday.
SNOW

=====
Snow, v. t.

Defn: To scatter like snow; to cover with, or as with, snow. Donne.
Shak.

=====
Snow, n. Etym: [LG. snaue, or D. snaauw, from LG. snau a snout, a
beak.] (Naut.)

Defn: A square-rigged vessel, differing from a brig only in that she
has a trysail mast close abaft the mainmast, on which a large trysail
is hoisted.

=====
Snow, n. Etym: [OE. snow, snaw, AS. snaw; akin to D. sneeuw, OS. &
OHG. sneo, G. schnee, Icel. snær, snjor, snajar, Sw. snö, Dan. snee,
Goth. snaiws, Lith. snëgas, Russ. snieg', Ir. & Gael. sneachd, W.
nyf, L. nix, nivis, Gr. acc. ni`fa, also AS. sniwan to snow, G.
schneien, OHG. sniwan, Lith. snigti, L. ningit it snows, Gr. ni`fei,
Zend snizh to snow; cf. Skr. snih to be wet or sticky. sq. root172.]

1. Watery particles congealed into white or transparent crystals or
flakes in the air, and falling to the earth, exhibiting a great
variety of very beautiful and perfect forms.

Note: Snow is often used to form compounds, most of which are of
obvious meaning; as, snow-capped, snow-clad, snow-cold, snow-crowned,
snow-crust, snow-fed, snow-haired, snowlike, snow-mantled, snow-
nodding, snow-wrought, and the like.

2. Fig.: Something white like snow, as the white color (argent) in
heraldry; something which falls in, or as in, flakes.
The field of snow with eagle of black therein. Chaucer.
Red snow. See under Red. Snow bunting. (Zoöl.) See Snowbird, 1.
 -- Snow cock (Zoöl.), the snow pheasant.
 -- Snow flea (Zoöl.), a small black leaping poduran (Achorutes
nivicola) often found in winter on the snow in vast numbers.
 -- Snow flood, a flood from melted snow.
 -- Snow flower (Bot.), the fringe tree.
 -- Snow fly, or Snow insect (Zoöl.), any one of several species of
neuropterous insects of the genus Boreus. The male has rudimentary
wings; the female is wingless. These insects sometimes appear
creeping and leaping on the snow in great numbers.
 -- Snow gnat (Zoöl.), any wingless dipterous insect of the genus
Chionea found running on snow in winter.
 -- Snow goose (Zoöl.), any one of several species of arctic geese of
the genus Chen. The common snow goose (Chen hyperborea), common in
the Western United States in winter, is white, with the tips of the
wings black and legs and bill red. Called also white brant, wavey,
and Texas goose. The blue, or blue-winged, snow goose (C.
coerulescens) is varied with grayish brown and bluish gray, with the
wing quills black and the head and upper part of the neck white.
Called also white head, white-headed goose, and bald brant.
 -- Snow leopard (Zool.), the ounce.
 -- Snow line, lowest limit of perpetual snow. In the Alps this is at
an altitude of 9,000 feet, in the Andes, at the equator, 16,000 feet.
 -- Snow mouse (Zoöl.), a European vole (Arvicola nivalis) which
inhabits the Alps and other high mountains.
 -- Snow pheasant (Zoöl.), any one of several species of large,
handsome gallinaceous birds of the genus Tetraogallus, native of the
lofty mountains of Asia. The Himalayn snow pheasant (T.Himalayensis)
in the best-known species. Called also snow cock, and snow chukor.
 -- Snow partridge. (Zoöl.) See under Partridge.
 -- Snow pigeon (Zoöl.), a pigeon (Columba leuconota) native of the
Himalaya mountains. Its back, neck, and rump are white, the top of
the head and the ear coverts are black.
 -- Snow plant (Bot.), a fleshy parasitic herb (Sarcodes sanguinea)
growing in the coniferous forests of California. It is all of a
bright red color, and is fabled to grow from the snow, through which
it sometimes shoots up.

=====
Snow, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Snowed (; p. pr. & vb. n. Snowing.]

Defn: To fall in or as snow; -- chiefly used impersonally; as, it
snows; it snowed yesterday.

=====
Snow, v. t.

Defn: To scatter like snow; to cover with, or as with, snow. Donne.
Shak.
