SOLDER
Sol"der, n. Etym: [Formerly soder; F. soudure, OF. soudeure, fr. OF.
& F. souder to solder, L. solidare to fasten, to make solid. See
Solid, and cf. Sawder.]

Defn: A metal or metallic alloy used when melted for uniting adjacent
metallic edges or surfaces; a metallic coment. Hence, anything which
unites or cements. Hard solder, a solder which fuses only at a red
heat, as one composed of zinc and copper, or silver and copper, etc.
 -- Soft solder, a solder fusible at comparatively low temperatures;
as, plumbers' solder, consisting of two parts lead and one part tin,
is a soft solder.
SOLDER

=====
Sol"der, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Soldered; p. pr. & vb. n. Soldering.]
Etym: [Formerlysoder. See Solder, n.]

1. To unite (metallic surfaces or edges) by the intervention of a
more fusible metal or metallic alloy applied when melted; to join by
means of metallic cement.

2. To mend; to patch up. "To solder up a broken cause." Hooker.

=====
Sol"der, n. Etym: [Formerly soder; F. soudure, OF. soudeure, fr. OF.
& F. souder to solder, L. solidare to fasten, to make solid. See
Solid, and cf. Sawder.]

Defn: A metal or metallic alloy used when melted for uniting adjacent
metallic edges or surfaces; a metallic coment. Hence, anything which
unites or cements. Hard solder, a solder which fuses only at a red
heat, as one composed of zinc and copper, or silver and copper, etc.
 -- Soft solder, a solder fusible at comparatively low temperatures;
as, plumbers' solder, consisting of two parts lead and one part tin,
is a soft solder.

=====
Sol"der, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Soldered; p. pr. & vb. n. Soldering.]
Etym: [Formerlysoder. See Solder, n.]

1. To unite (metallic surfaces or edges) by the intervention of a
more fusible metal or metallic alloy applied when melted; to join by
means of metallic cement.

2. To mend; to patch up. "To solder up a broken cause." Hooker.
