SORREL
Sor"rel, a. Etym: [F. saur, saure, OF. sor, sore, probably of
Teutonic origin; cf. D. zoor dry, LG. soor; the meaning probably
coming from the color of dry leaves. See Sear, a., and cf. Sorel.]

Defn: Of a yellowish or redish brown color; as, a sorrel horse.
SORREL

=====
Sor"rel, n.

Defn: A yellowish or redish brown color.
SORREL

=====
Sor"rel, n. Etym: [F. surelle, fr. sur sour, fr. OHG. s sour. See
Sour.] (Bot.)

Defn: One of various plants having a sour juice; especially, a plant
of the genus Rumex, as Rumex Acetosa, Rumex Acetosella, etc. Mountain
sorrel. (Bot.) See under Mountain.
 -- Red sorrel. (Bot.) (a) A malvaceous plant (Hibiscus Sabdariffa)
whose acid calyxes and capsules are used in the West Indies for
making tarts and acid drinks. (b) A troublesome weed (Rumex
Acetosella), also called sheep sorrel.
 -- Salt of sorrel (Chem.), binoxalate of potassa; -- so called
because obtained from the juice of Rumex Acetosella, or Rumex
Axetosa.
 -- Sorrel tree (Bot.), a small ericaceous tree (Oxydendrum arboreum)
whose leaves resemble those of the peach and have a sour taste. It is
common along the Alleghanies. Called also sourwood.
 -- Wood sorrel (Bot.), any plant of the genus Oxalis.

=====
Sor"rel, a. Etym: [F. saur, saure, OF. sor, sore, probably of
Teutonic origin; cf. D. zoor dry, LG. soor; the meaning probably
coming from the color of dry leaves. See Sear, a., and cf. Sorel.]

Defn: Of a yellowish or redish brown color; as, a sorrel horse.

=====
Sor"rel, n.

Defn: A yellowish or redish brown color.

=====
Sor"rel, n. Etym: [F. surelle, fr. sur sour, fr. OHG. s sour. See
Sour.] (Bot.)

Defn: One of various plants having a sour juice; especially, a plant
of the genus Rumex, as Rumex Acetosa, Rumex Acetosella, etc. Mountain
sorrel. (Bot.) See under Mountain.
 -- Red sorrel. (Bot.) (a) A malvaceous plant (Hibiscus Sabdariffa)
whose acid calyxes and capsules are used in the West Indies for
making tarts and acid drinks. (b) A troublesome weed (Rumex
Acetosella), also called sheep sorrel.
 -- Salt of sorrel (Chem.), binoxalate of potassa; -- so called
because obtained from the juice of Rumex Acetosella, or Rumex
Axetosa.
 -- Sorrel tree (Bot.), a small ericaceous tree (Oxydendrum arboreum)
whose leaves resemble those of the peach and have a sour taste. It is
common along the Alleghanies. Called also sourwood.
 -- Wood sorrel (Bot.), any plant of the genus Oxalis.
