SPECULATE
Spec"u*late, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Speculated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Speculating.] Etym: [L. speculatus, p.p. of speculari to spy out,
observe, fr. specula a lookout, fr. specere to look. See Spy.]

1. To consider by turning a subject in the mind, and viewing it in
its different aspects and relations; to meditate; to contemplate; to
theorize; as, to speculate on questions in religion; to speculate on
political events.
It is remarkable that persons who speculate the most boldly often
conform with the most pefect quietude to the external regulations of
society. Hawthorne.

2. (Philos.)

Defn: To view subjects from certain premises given or assumed, and
infer conclusions respecting them a priori.

3. (Com.)

Defn: To purchase with the expectation of a contingent advance in
value, and a consequent sale at a profit; -- often, in a somewhat
depreciative sense, of unsound or hazardous transactions; as, to
speculate in coffee, in sugar, or in bank stock.
SPECULATE

=====
Spec"u*late, v. t.

Defn: To consider attentively; as, to speculate the nature of a
thing. [R.] Sir W. Hamilton.

=====
Spec"u*late, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Speculated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Speculating.] Etym: [L. speculatus, p.p. of speculari to spy out,
observe, fr. specula a lookout, fr. specere to look. See Spy.]

1. To consider by turning a subject in the mind, and viewing it in
its different aspects and relations; to meditate; to contemplate; to
theorize; as, to speculate on questions in religion; to speculate on
political events.
It is remarkable that persons who speculate the most boldly often
conform with the most pefect quietude to the external regulations of
society. Hawthorne.

2. (Philos.)

Defn: To view subjects from certain premises given or assumed, and
infer conclusions respecting them a priori.

3. (Com.)

Defn: To purchase with the expectation of a contingent advance in
value, and a consequent sale at a profit; -- often, in a somewhat
depreciative sense, of unsound or hazardous transactions; as, to
speculate in coffee, in sugar, or in bank stock.

=====
Spec"u*late, v. t.

Defn: To consider attentively; as, to speculate the nature of a
thing. [R.] Sir W. Hamilton.
