SPECULUM
Spec"u*lum, n.; pl. L. Specula, E. Speculum. Etym: [L., fr. specere
to look, behold. See Spy.]

1. A mirror, or looking-glass; especially, a metal mirror, as in
Greek and Roman archæology.

2. A reflector of polished metal, especially one used in reflecting
telescopes. See Speculum metal, below.

3. (Surg.)

Defn: An instrument for dilating certain passages of the body, and
throwing light within them, thus facilitating examination or surgical
operations.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A bright and lustrous patch of color found on the wings of
ducks and some other birds. It is usually situated on the distal
portions of the secondary quills, and is much more brilliant in the
adult male than in the female. Speculum metal, a hard, brittle alloy
used for making the reflectors of telescopes and other instruments,
usually consisting of copper and tin in various proportions, one of
the best being that in which there are 126.4 parts of copper to 58.9
parts of tin, with sometimes a small proportion of arsenic, antimony,
or zinc added to improve the whiteness.

=====
Spec"u*lum, n.; pl. L. Specula, E. Speculum. Etym: [L., fr. specere
to look, behold. See Spy.]

1. A mirror, or looking-glass; especially, a metal mirror, as in
Greek and Roman archæology.

2. A reflector of polished metal, especially one used in reflecting
telescopes. See Speculum metal, below.

3. (Surg.)

Defn: An instrument for dilating certain passages of the body, and
throwing light within them, thus facilitating examination or surgical
operations.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A bright and lustrous patch of color found on the wings of
ducks and some other birds. It is usually situated on the distal
portions of the secondary quills, and is much more brilliant in the
adult male than in the female. Speculum metal, a hard, brittle alloy
used for making the reflectors of telescopes and other instruments,
usually consisting of copper and tin in various proportions, one of
the best being that in which there are 126.4 parts of copper to 58.9
parts of tin, with sometimes a small proportion of arsenic, antimony,
or zinc added to improve the whiteness.
