SQUASH
Squash, n. Etym: [Cf. Musquash.] (Zoöl.)

Defn: An American animal allied to the weasel. [Obs.] Goldsmith.
SQUASH

=====
Squash, n. Etym: [Massachusetts Indian asq, pl. asquash, raw, green,
immaturate, applied to fruit and vegetables which were used when
green, or without cooking; askutasquash vine apple.] (Bot.)

Defn: A plant and its fruit of the genus Cucurbita, or gourd kind.

Note: The species are much confused. The long-neck squash is called
Cucurbita verrucosa, the Barbary or China squash, C. moschata, and
the great winter squash, C. maxima, but the distinctions are not
clear. Squash beetle (Zoöl.), a small American beetle (Diabrotica, or
Galeruca vittata) which is often abundant and very injurious to the
leaves of squash, cucumber, etc. It is striped with yellow and black.
The name is applied also to other allied species.
 -- Squash bug (Zoöl.), a large black American hemipterous insect
(Coreus, or Anasa, tristis) injurious to squash vines.
SQUASH

=====
Squash, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Squashed; p. pr. & vb. n. Squashing.]
Etym: [OE. squashen, OF. escachier, esquachier, to squash, to crush,
F. écacher, perhaps from (assumed) LL. excoacticare, fr. L. ex +
coactare to constrain, from cogere, coactum, to compel. Cf. Cogent,
Squat, v. i.]

Defn: To beat or press into pulp or a flat mass; to crush.
SQUASH

=====
Squash, n.

1. Something soft and easily crushed; especially, an unripe pod of
pease.
Not yet old enough for a man, nor young enough for a boy; as a squash
is before 't is a peascod. Shak.

2. Hence, something unripe or soft; -- used in contempt. "This
squash, this gentleman." Shak.

3. A sudden fall of a heavy, soft body; also, a shock of soft bodies.
Arbuthnot.
My fall was stopped by a terrible squash. Swift.
