SQUEEZE
Squeeze, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Squeezed; p. pr. & vb. n. Squeezing.]
Etym: [OE. queisen, AS. cwesan, cwysan, cwisan, of uncertain origin.
The s- was probably prefixed through the influence of squash, v.t.]

1. To press between two bodies; to press together closely; to
compress; often, to compress so as to expel juice, moisture, etc.;
as, to squeeze an orange with the fingers; to squeeze the hand in
friendship.

2. Fig.: To oppress with hardships, burdens, or taxes; to harass; to
crush.
In a civil war, people must expect to be crushed and squeezed toward
the burden. L'Estrange.

3. To force, or cause to pass, by compression; often with out,
through, etc.; as, to squeeze water through felt.

Syn.
 -- To compress; hug; pinch; gripe; crowd.
SQUEEZE

=====
Squeeze, v. i.

Defn: To press; to urge one's way, or to pass, by pressing; to crowd;
-- often with through, into, etc.; as, to squeeze hard to get through
a crowd.
SQUEEZE

=====
Squeeze, n.

1. The act of one who squeezes; compression between bodies; pressure.

2. A facsimile impression taken in some soft substance, as pulp, from
an inscription on stone.

=====
Squeeze, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Squeezed; p. pr. & vb. n. Squeezing.]
Etym: [OE. queisen, AS. cwesan, cwysan, cwisan, of uncertain origin.
The s- was probably prefixed through the influence of squash, v.t.]

1. To press between two bodies; to press together closely; to
compress; often, to compress so as to expel juice, moisture, etc.;
as, to squeeze an orange with the fingers; to squeeze the hand in
friendship.

2. Fig.: To oppress with hardships, burdens, or taxes; to harass; to
crush.
In a civil war, people must expect to be crushed and squeezed toward
the burden. L'Estrange.

3. To force, or cause to pass, by compression; often with out,
through, etc.; as, to squeeze water through felt.

Syn.
 -- To compress; hug; pinch; gripe; crowd.

=====
Squeeze, v. i.

Defn: To press; to urge one's way, or to pass, by pressing; to crowd;
-- often with through, into, etc.; as, to squeeze hard to get through
a crowd.

=====
Squeeze, n.

1. The act of one who squeezes; compression between bodies; pressure.

2. A facsimile impression taken in some soft substance, as pulp, from
an inscription on stone.
