STATIONARY
Sta"tion*a*ry, a. Etym: [L. stationarius: cf. F. stationnaire. Cf.
Stationer.]

1. Not moving; not appearing to move; stable; fixed.
Charles Wesley, who is a more stationary man, does not believe the
story. Southey.

2. Not improving or getting worse; not growing wiser, greater,
better, more excellent, or the contrary.

3. Appearing to be at rest, because moving in the line of vision; not
progressive or retrograde, as a planet. Stationary air (Physiol.),
the air which under ordinary circumstances does not leave the lungs
in respiration.
 -- Stationary engine. (a) A steam engine thet is permanently placed,
in distinction from a portable engine, locomotive, marine engine,
etc. Specifically: (b) A factory engine, in distinction from a
blowing, pumping, or other kind of engine which is also permanently
placed.
STATIONARY

=====
Sta"tion*a*ry, n.; pl. -ries (.

Defn: One who, or that which, is stationary, as a planet when
apparently it has neither progressive nor retrograde motion. Holland.

=====
Sta"tion*a*ry, a. Etym: [L. stationarius: cf. F. stationnaire. Cf.
Stationer.]

1. Not moving; not appearing to move; stable; fixed.
Charles Wesley, who is a more stationary man, does not believe the
story. Southey.

2. Not improving or getting worse; not growing wiser, greater,
better, more excellent, or the contrary.

3. Appearing to be at rest, because moving in the line of vision; not
progressive or retrograde, as a planet. Stationary air (Physiol.),
the air which under ordinary circumstances does not leave the lungs
in respiration.
 -- Stationary engine. (a) A steam engine thet is permanently placed,
in distinction from a portable engine, locomotive, marine engine,
etc. Specifically: (b) A factory engine, in distinction from a
blowing, pumping, or other kind of engine which is also permanently
placed.

=====
Sta"tion*a*ry, n.; pl. -ries (.

Defn: One who, or that which, is stationary, as a planet when
apparently it has neither progressive nor retrograde motion. Holland.
