STEADY
Stead"y, a. [Compar. Steadier; superl. Steadiest.] Etym: [Cf. AS.
stedig sterile, barren, stæ, steady (in gestæ), D. stedig, stadig,
steeg, G. stätig, stetig. See Stead, n.]

1. Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed;
firm. "The softest, steadiest plume." Keble.
Their feet steady, their hands diligent, their eyes watchful, and
their hearts resolute. Sir P. Sidney.

2. Constant in feeling, purpose, or pursuit; not fickle, changeable,
or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose;
resolute; as, a man steady in his principles, in his purpose, or in
the pursuit of an object.

3. Regular; constant; undeviating; uniform; as, the steady course of
the sun; a steady breeze of wind.

Syn.
 -- Fixed; regular; uniform; undeviating; invariable; unremitted;
stable. Steady rest (Mach), a rest in a turning lathe, to keep a long
piece of work from trembling.
STEADY

=====
Stead"y, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Steadied; p. pr. & vb. n. Steadying.]

Defn: To make steady; to hold or keep from shaking, reeling, or
falling; to make or keep firm; to support; to make constant, regular,
or resolute.
STEADY

=====
Stead"y, v. i.

Defn: To become steady; to regain a steady position or state; to move
steadily.
Without a breeze, without a tide, She steadies with upright keel.
Coleridge.

=====
Stead"y, a. [Compar. Steadier; superl. Steadiest.] Etym: [Cf. AS.
stedig sterile, barren, stæ, steady (in gestæ), D. stedig, stadig,
steeg, G. stätig, stetig. See Stead, n.]

1. Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed;
firm. "The softest, steadiest plume." Keble.
Their feet steady, their hands diligent, their eyes watchful, and
their hearts resolute. Sir P. Sidney.

2. Constant in feeling, purpose, or pursuit; not fickle, changeable,
or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose;
resolute; as, a man steady in his principles, in his purpose, or in
the pursuit of an object.

3. Regular; constant; undeviating; uniform; as, the steady course of
the sun; a steady breeze of wind.

Syn.
 -- Fixed; regular; uniform; undeviating; invariable; unremitted;
stable. Steady rest (Mach), a rest in a turning lathe, to keep a long
piece of work from trembling.

=====
Stead"y, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Steadied; p. pr. & vb. n. Steadying.]

Defn: To make steady; to hold or keep from shaking, reeling, or
falling; to make or keep firm; to support; to make constant, regular,
or resolute.

=====
Stead"y, v. i.

Defn: To become steady; to regain a steady position or state; to move
steadily.
Without a breeze, without a tide, She steadies with upright keel.
Coleridge.
