STILT
Stilt, n. Etym: [OE. stilte; akin to Dan. stylte, Sw. stylta, LG. &
D. stelt, OHG. stelza, G. stelze, and perh. to E. stout.]

1. A pole, or piece of wood, constructed with a step or loop to raise
the foot above the ground in walking. It is sometimes lashed to the
leg, and sometimes prolonged upward so as to be steadied by the hand
or arm.
Ambition is but avarice on stilts, and masked. Landor.

2. A crutch; also, the handle of a plow. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any species of limicoline birds belonging to Himantopus and
allied genera, in which the legs are remarkably long and slender.
Called also longshanks, stiltbird, stilt plover, and lawyer.

Note: The American species (Himantopus Mexicanus) is well known. The
European and Asiatic stilt (H. candidus) is usually white, except the
wings and interscapulars, which are greenish black. The white-headed
stilt (H. leucocephalus) and the banded stilt (Cladorhynchus
pectoralis) are found in Australia. Stilt plover (Zoöl.), the stilt.
 -- Stilt sandpiper (Zoöl.), an American sandpiper (Micropalama
himantopus) having long legs. The bill is somewhat expanded at the
tip.
STILT

=====
Stilt, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stilted; p. pr. & vb. n. Stilting.]

Defn: To raise on stilts, or as if on stilts.

=====
Stilt, n. Etym: [OE. stilte; akin to Dan. stylte, Sw. stylta, LG. &
D. stelt, OHG. stelza, G. stelze, and perh. to E. stout.]

1. A pole, or piece of wood, constructed with a step or loop to raise
the foot above the ground in walking. It is sometimes lashed to the
leg, and sometimes prolonged upward so as to be steadied by the hand
or arm.
Ambition is but avarice on stilts, and masked. Landor.

2. A crutch; also, the handle of a plow. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any species of limicoline birds belonging to Himantopus and
allied genera, in which the legs are remarkably long and slender.
Called also longshanks, stiltbird, stilt plover, and lawyer.

Note: The American species (Himantopus Mexicanus) is well known. The
European and Asiatic stilt (H. candidus) is usually white, except the
wings and interscapulars, which are greenish black. The white-headed
stilt (H. leucocephalus) and the banded stilt (Cladorhynchus
pectoralis) are found in Australia. Stilt plover (Zoöl.), the stilt.
 -- Stilt sandpiper (Zoöl.), an American sandpiper (Micropalama
himantopus) having long legs. The bill is somewhat expanded at the
tip.

=====
Stilt, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stilted; p. pr. & vb. n. Stilting.]

Defn: To raise on stilts, or as if on stilts.
