STING
Sting, n. Etym: [AS. sting a sting. See Sting, v. t.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any sharp organ of offense and defense, especially when
connected with a poison gland, and adapted to inflict a wound by
piercing; as the caudal sting of a scorpion. The sting of a bee or
wasp is a modified ovipositor. The caudal sting, or spine, of a sting
ray is a modified dorsal fin ray. The term is sometimes applied to
the fang of a serpent. See Illust. of Scorpion.

2. (Bot.)

Defn: A sharp-pointed hollow hair seated on a gland which secrets an
acrid fluid, as in nettles. The points of these hairs usually break
off in the wound, and the acrid fluid is pressed into it.

3. Anything that gives acute pain, bodily or mental; as, the stings
of remorse; the stings of reproach.
The sting of death is sin. 1 Cor. xv. 56.

4. The thrust of a sting into the flesh; the act of stinging; a wound
inflicted by stinging. "The lurking serpent's mortal sting." Shak.

5. A goad; incitement. Shak.

6. The point of an epigram or other sarcastic saying. Sting moth
(Zoöl.), an Australian moth (Doratifera vulnerans) whose larva is
armed, at each end of the body, with four tubercles bearing powerful
stinging organs.
 -- Sting ray. (Zoöl.) See under 6th Ray.
 -- Sting winkle (Zoöl.), a spinose marine univalve shell of the
genus Murex, as the European species (Murex erinaceus). See Illust.
of Murex.
STING

=====
Sting, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stung (Archaic Stang (); p. pr. & vb. n.
Stinging.] Etym: [AS. stingan; akin to Icel. & Sw. stinga, Dan.
stinge, and probably to E. stick, v.t.; cf. Goth. usstiggan to put
out, pluck out. Cf. Stick, v. t.]

1. To pierce or wound with a sting; as, bees will sting an animal
that irritates them; the nettles stung his hands.

2. To pain acutely; as, the conscience is stung with remorse; to
bite. "Slander stings the brave." Pope.

3. To goad; to incite, as by taunts or reproaches.
