STOOL
Stool, n. Etym: [L. stolo. See Stolon.] (Hort.)

Defn: A plant from which layers are propagated by bending its
branches into the soil. P. Henderson.
STOOL

=====
Stool, v. i. (Agric.)

Defn: To ramfy; to tiller, as grain; to shoot out suckers. R. D.
Blackmore.
STOOL

=====
Stool, n. Etym: [AS. stol a seat; akin to OFries. & OS. stol, D.
stoel, G. stuhl, OHG. stuol, Icel. stoll, Sw. & Dan. stol, Goth.
stols, Lith. stalas a table, Russ. stol'; from the root of E. stand.
*163. See Stand, and cf. Fauteuil.]

1. A single seat with three or four legs and without a back, made in
various forms for various uses.

2. A seat used in evacuating the bowels; hence, an evacuation; a
discharge from the bowels.

3. A stool pigeon, or decoy bird. [U. S.]

4. (Naut.)

Defn: A small channel on the side of a vessel, for the dead-eyes of
the backstays. Totten.

5. A bishop's seat or see; a bishop-stool. J. P. Peters.

6. A bench or form for resting the feet or the knees; a footstool;
as, a kneeling stool.

7. Material, such as oyster shells, spread on the sea bottom for
oyster spat to adhere to. [Local, U.S.] Stool of a window, or Window
stool (Arch.), the flat piece upon which the window shuts down, and
which corresponds to the sill of a door; in the United States, the
narrow shelf fitted on the inside against the actual sill upon which
the sash descends. This is called a window seat when broad and low
enough to be used as a seat. Stool of repentance, the cuttystool.
[Scot.] -- Stool pigeon, a pigeon used as a decoy to draw others
within a net; hence, a person used as a decoy for others.

=====
Stool, n. Etym: [L. stolo. See Stolon.] (Hort.)

Defn: A plant from which layers are propagated by bending its
branches into the soil. P. Henderson.

=====
Stool, v. i. (Agric.)

Defn: To ramfy; to tiller, as grain; to shoot out suckers. R. D.
Blackmore.

=====
Stool, n. Etym: [AS. stol a seat; akin to OFries. & OS. stol, D.
stoel, G. stuhl, OHG. stuol, Icel. stoll, Sw. & Dan. stol, Goth.
stols, Lith. stalas a table, Russ. stol'; from the root of E. stand.
*163. See Stand, and cf. Fauteuil.]

1. A single seat with three or four legs and without a back, made in
various forms for various uses.

2. A seat used in evacuating the bowels; hence, an evacuation; a
discharge from the bowels.

3. A stool pigeon, or decoy bird. [U. S.]

4. (Naut.)

Defn: A small channel on the side of a vessel, for the dead-eyes of
the backstays. Totten.

5. A bishop's seat or see; a bishop-stool. J. P. Peters.

6. A bench or form for resting the feet or the knees; a footstool;
as, a kneeling stool.

7. Material, such as oyster shells, spread on the sea bottom for
oyster spat to adhere to. [Local, U.S.] Stool of a window, or Window
stool (Arch.), the flat piece upon which the window shuts down, and
which corresponds to the sill of a door; in the United States, the
narrow shelf fitted on the inside against the actual sill upon which
the sash descends. This is called a window seat when broad and low
enough to be used as a seat. Stool of repentance, the cuttystool.
[Scot.] -- Stool pigeon, a pigeon used as a decoy to draw others
within a net; hence, a person used as a decoy for others.
