STRADDLE
Strad"dle, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Straddled; p. pr. & vb. n.
Straddling.] Etym: [Freq. from the root of stride.]

1. To part the legs wide; to stand or to walk with the legs far
apart.

2. To stand with the ends staggered; -- said of the spokes of a wagon
wheel where they join the hub.
STRADDLE

=====
Strad"dle, v. t.

Defn: To place one leg on one side and the other on the other side
of; to stand or sit astride of; as, to straddle a fence or a horse.
STRADDLE

=====
Strad"dle, n.

1. The act of standing, sitting, or walking, with the feet far apart.

2. The position, or the distance between the feet, of one who
straddles; as, a wide straddle.

3. A stock option giving the holder the double privilege of a "put"
and a "call," i. e., securing to the buyer of the option the right
either to demand of the seller at a certain price, within a certain
time, certain securities, or to require him to take at the same
price, and within the same time, the same securities. [Broker's Cant]

=====
Strad"dle, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Straddled; p. pr. & vb. n.
Straddling.] Etym: [Freq. from the root of stride.]

1. To part the legs wide; to stand or to walk with the legs far
apart.

2. To stand with the ends staggered; -- said of the spokes of a wagon
wheel where they join the hub.

=====
Strad"dle, v. t.

Defn: To place one leg on one side and the other on the other side
of; to stand or sit astride of; as, to straddle a fence or a horse.

=====
Strad"dle, n.

1. The act of standing, sitting, or walking, with the feet far apart.

2. The position, or the distance between the feet, of one who
straddles; as, a wide straddle.

3. A stock option giving the holder the double privilege of a "put"
and a "call," i. e., securing to the buyer of the option the right
either to demand of the seller at a certain price, within a certain
time, certain securities, or to require him to take at the same
price, and within the same time, the same securities. [Broker's Cant]
