SUNDER
Sun"der, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Sundered; p. pr. & vb. n. Sundering.]
Etym: [OE. sundren, AS. sundrain (in asundrain, gesundrain), from
sundor asunder, separately, apart; akin to D. zonder, prep., without,
G. sonder separate, as prep., without, sondern but, OHG. suntar
separately, Icel. sundr asunder, Sw. & Dan. sönder, Goth. sundro
alone, separately.]

Defn: To disunite in almost any manner, either by rending, cutting,
or breaking; to part; to put or keep apart; to separate; to divide;
to sever; as, to sunder a rope; to sunder a limb; to sunder friends.
It is sundered from the main land by a sandy plain. Carew.
SUNDER

=====
Sun"der, v. i.

Defn: To part; to separate. [R.] Shak.
SUNDER

=====
Sun"der, n. Etym: [See Sunder, v. t., and cf. Asunder.]

Defn: A separation into parts; a division or severance. In sunder,
into parts. "He breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder."
Ps. xlvi. 9.
SUNDER

=====
Sun"der, v. t.

Defn: To expose to the sun and wind. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.

=====
Sun"der, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Sundered; p. pr. & vb. n. Sundering.]
Etym: [OE. sundren, AS. sundrain (in asundrain, gesundrain), from
sundor asunder, separately, apart; akin to D. zonder, prep., without,
G. sonder separate, as prep., without, sondern but, OHG. suntar
separately, Icel. sundr asunder, Sw. & Dan. sönder, Goth. sundro
alone, separately.]

Defn: To disunite in almost any manner, either by rending, cutting,
or breaking; to part; to put or keep apart; to separate; to divide;
to sever; as, to sunder a rope; to sunder a limb; to sunder friends.
It is sundered from the main land by a sandy plain. Carew.

=====
Sun"der, v. i.

Defn: To part; to separate. [R.] Shak.

=====
Sun"der, n. Etym: [See Sunder, v. t., and cf. Asunder.]

Defn: A separation into parts; a division or severance. In sunder,
into parts. "He breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder."
Ps. xlvi. 9.

=====
Sun"der, v. t.

Defn: To expose to the sun and wind. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.
