SUPPLICATE
Sup"pli*cate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Supplicated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Supplicating.] Etym: [L. supplicatus, p.p. of supplicare to
supplicate; of uncertain origin, cf. supplex, supplicis, humbly
begging or entreating; perhaps fr. sub under + a word akin to placare
to reconcile, appease (cf. Placable), or fr. sub under + plicare to
fold, whence the idea of bending the knees (cf. Ply, v. t.). Cf.
Supple.]

1. To entreat for; to seek by earnest prayer; to ask for earnestly
and humbly; as, to supplicate blessings on Christian efforts to
spread the gospel.

2. To address in prayer; to entreat as a supplicant; as, to
supplicate the Deity.

Syn.
 -- To beseech; entreat; beg; petition; implore; importune; solicit;
crave. See Beseech.
SUPPLICATE

=====
Sup"pli*cate, v. i.

Defn: To make petition with earnestness and submission; to implore.
A man can not brook to supplicate or beg. Bacon.

=====
Sup"pli*cate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Supplicated; p. pr. & vb. n.
Supplicating.] Etym: [L. supplicatus, p.p. of supplicare to
supplicate; of uncertain origin, cf. supplex, supplicis, humbly
begging or entreating; perhaps fr. sub under + a word akin to placare
to reconcile, appease (cf. Placable), or fr. sub under + plicare to
fold, whence the idea of bending the knees (cf. Ply, v. t.). Cf.
Supple.]

1. To entreat for; to seek by earnest prayer; to ask for earnestly
and humbly; as, to supplicate blessings on Christian efforts to
spread the gospel.

2. To address in prayer; to entreat as a supplicant; as, to
supplicate the Deity.

Syn.
 -- To beseech; entreat; beg; petition; implore; importune; solicit;
crave. See Beseech.

=====
Sup"pli*cate, v. i.

Defn: To make petition with earnestness and submission; to implore.
A man can not brook to supplicate or beg. Bacon.
