SURGEON
Sur"geon, n. Etym: [OE. surgien, OF. surgien, contr. fr. chirurgien.
See Chirurgeon.]

1. One whose profession or occupation is to cure diseases or injuries
of the body by manual operation; one whose occupation is to cure
local injuries or disorders (such as wounds, dislocations, tumors,
etc.), whether by manual operation, or by medication and
constitutional treatment.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of chætodont fishes of the family
Teuthidæ, or Acanthuridæ, which have one or two sharp lancelike
spines on each side of the base of the tail. Called also surgeon
fish, doctor fish, lancet fish, and sea surgeon. Surgeon apothecary,
one who unites the practice of surgery with that of the apothecary.
Dunglison.
 -- Surgeon dentist, a dental surgeon; a dentist.
 -- Surgeon fish. See def. 2, above.
 -- Surgeon general. (a) In the United States army, the chief of the
medical department. (b) In the British army, a surgeon ranking next
below the chief of the medical department.

=====
Sur"geon, n. Etym: [OE. surgien, OF. surgien, contr. fr. chirurgien.
See Chirurgeon.]

1. One whose profession or occupation is to cure diseases or injuries
of the body by manual operation; one whose occupation is to cure
local injuries or disorders (such as wounds, dislocations, tumors,
etc.), whether by manual operation, or by medication and
constitutional treatment.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of chætodont fishes of the family
Teuthidæ, or Acanthuridæ, which have one or two sharp lancelike
spines on each side of the base of the tail. Called also surgeon
fish, doctor fish, lancet fish, and sea surgeon. Surgeon apothecary,
one who unites the practice of surgery with that of the apothecary.
Dunglison.
 -- Surgeon dentist, a dental surgeon; a dentist.
 -- Surgeon fish. See def. 2, above.
 -- Surgeon general. (a) In the United States army, the chief of the
medical department. (b) In the British army, a surgeon ranking next
below the chief of the medical department.
