TAN
Tan, n. Etym: [Chin.]

Defn: See Picul.
TAN

=====
Tan, n. Etym: [F. tan, perhaps fr. Armor. tann an oak, oak bar; or of
Teutonic origin; cf. G. tanne a fir, OHG. tanna a fir, oak, MHG. tan
a forest. Cf. Tawny.]

1. The bark of the oak, and some other trees, bruised and broken by a
mill, for tanning hides; -- so called both before and after it has
been used. Called also tan bark.

2. A yellowish-brown color, like that of tan.

3. A brown color imparted to the skin by exposure to the sun; as,
hands covered with tan. Tan bed (Hort.), a bed made of tan; a bark
bed.
 -- Tan pickle, the liquor used in tanning leather.
 -- Tan spud, a spud used in stripping bark for tan from trees.
 -- Tan stove. See Bark stove, under Bark.
 -- Tan vat, a vat in which hides are steeped in liquor with tan.
TAN

=====
Tan, a.

Defn: Of the color of tan; yellowish-brown. Black and tan. See under
Black, a.
TAN

=====
Tan, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tanned; p. pr. & vb. n. Tanning.] Etym: [F.
tanner, LL. tannare. See Tan, n.]

1. To convert (the skin of an animal) into leather, as by usual
process of steeping it in an infusion of oak or some other bark,
whereby it is impregnated with tannin, or tannic acid (which exists
in several species of bark), and is thus rendered firm, durable, and
in some degree impervious to water.

Note: The essential result in tanning is due to the fact that the
tannins form, with gelatins and albuminoids, a series of insoluble
compounds which constitute leather. Similar results may be produced
by the use of other reagents in place of tannin, as alum, and some
acids or chlorides, which are employed in certain processes of
tanning.

2. To make brown; to imbrown, as by exposure to the rays of the sun;
as, to tan the skin.
TAN

=====
Tan, v. i.

Defn: To get or become tanned.

=====
Tan, n. Etym: [Chin.]

Defn: See Picul.

=====
Tan, n. Etym: [F. tan, perhaps fr. Armor. tann an oak, oak bar; or of
Teutonic origin; cf. G. tanne a fir, OHG. tanna a fir, oak, MHG. tan
a forest. Cf. Tawny.]

1. The bark of the oak, and some other trees, bruised and broken by a
mill, for tanning hides; -- so called both before and after it has
been used. Called also tan bark.

2. A yellowish-brown color, like that of tan.

3. A brown color imparted to the skin by exposure to the sun; as,
hands covered with tan. Tan bed (Hort.), a bed made of tan; a bark
bed.
 -- Tan pickle, the liquor used in tanning leather.
 -- Tan spud, a spud used in stripping bark for tan from trees.
 -- Tan stove. See Bark stove, under Bark.
 -- Tan vat, a vat in which hides are steeped in liquor with tan.

=====
Tan, a.

Defn: Of the color of tan; yellowish-brown. Black and tan. See under
Black, a.

=====
Tan, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tanned; p. pr. & vb. n. Tanning.] Etym: [F.
tanner, LL. tannare. See Tan, n.]

1. To convert (the skin of an animal) into leather, as by usual
process of steeping it in an infusion of oak or some other bark,
whereby it is impregnated with tannin, or tannic acid (which exists
in several species of bark), and is thus rendered firm, durable, and
in some degree impervious to water.

Note: The essential result in tanning is due to the fact that the
tannins form, with gelatins and albuminoids, a series of insoluble
compounds which constitute leather. Similar results may be produced
by the use of other reagents in place of tannin, as alum, and some
acids or chlorides, which are employed in certain processes of
tanning.

2. To make brown; to imbrown, as by exposure to the rays of the sun;
as, to tan the skin.

=====
Tan, v. i.

Defn: To get or become tanned.
