TAPESTRY
Tap"es*try, n.; pl. Tapestries. Etym: [F. tapissere, fr. tapisser to
carpet, to hang, or cover with tapestry, fr. tapis a carpet,
carpeting, LL. tapecius, fr. L. tapete carpet, tapestry, Gr. Tapis,
Tippet.]

Defn: A fabric, usually of worsted, worked upon a warp of linen or
other thread by hand, the designs being usually more or less
pictorial and the stuff employed for wall hangings and the like. The
term is also applied to different kinds of embroidery. Tapestry
carpet, a kind of carpet, somewhat resembling Brussels, in which the
warp is printed before weaving, so as to produce the figure in the
cloth.
 -- Tapestry moth. (Zoöl.) Same as Carpet moth, under Carpet.
TAPESTRY

=====
Tap"es*try, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tapestried; p. pr. & vb. n.
Tapestrying.]

Defn: To adorn with tapestry, or as with tapestry.
The Trosachs wound, as now, between gigantic walls of rock tapestried
with broom and wild roses. Macaulay.

=====
Tap"es*try, n.; pl. Tapestries. Etym: [F. tapissere, fr. tapisser to
carpet, to hang, or cover with tapestry, fr. tapis a carpet,
carpeting, LL. tapecius, fr. L. tapete carpet, tapestry, Gr. Tapis,
Tippet.]

Defn: A fabric, usually of worsted, worked upon a warp of linen or
other thread by hand, the designs being usually more or less
pictorial and the stuff employed for wall hangings and the like. The
term is also applied to different kinds of embroidery. Tapestry
carpet, a kind of carpet, somewhat resembling Brussels, in which the
warp is printed before weaving, so as to produce the figure in the
cloth.
 -- Tapestry moth. (Zoöl.) Same as Carpet moth, under Carpet.

=====
Tap"es*try, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tapestried; p. pr. & vb. n.
Tapestrying.]

Defn: To adorn with tapestry, or as with tapestry.
The Trosachs wound, as now, between gigantic walls of rock tapestried
with broom and wild roses. Macaulay.
