TATTOO
Tat*too", n. Etym: [Earlier taptoo, D. taptoe; tap a tap, faucet +
toe to, shut (i. e., the taps, or drinking houses, shut from the
soldiers).] (Mil.)

Defn: A beat of drum, or sound of a trumpet or bugle, at night,
giving notice to soldiers to retreat, or to repair to their quarters
in garrison, or to their tents in camp. The Devil's tattoo. See under
Devil.
TATTOO

=====
Tat*too", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tattooed; p. pr. & vb. n. Tattooing.]
Etym: [Of Polynesian origin; cf. New Zealand ta to tattoo, tatu
puncturation (in Otaheite).]

Defn: To color, as the flesh, by pricking in coloring matter, so as
to form marks or figures which can not be washed out.
TATTOO

=====
Tat*too", n.; pl. Tattoos (.

Defn: An indelible mark or figure made by puncturing the skin and
introducing some pigment into the punctures; -- a mode of
ornamentation practiced by various barbarous races, both in ancient
and modern times, and also by some among civilized nations,
especially by sailors.

=====
Tat*too", n. Etym: [Earlier taptoo, D. taptoe; tap a tap, faucet +
toe to, shut (i. e., the taps, or drinking houses, shut from the
soldiers).] (Mil.)

Defn: A beat of drum, or sound of a trumpet or bugle, at night,
giving notice to soldiers to retreat, or to repair to their quarters
in garrison, or to their tents in camp. The Devil's tattoo. See under
Devil.

=====
Tat*too", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tattooed; p. pr. & vb. n. Tattooing.]
Etym: [Of Polynesian origin; cf. New Zealand ta to tattoo, tatu
puncturation (in Otaheite).]

Defn: To color, as the flesh, by pricking in coloring matter, so as
to form marks or figures which can not be washed out.

=====
Tat*too", n.; pl. Tattoos (.

Defn: An indelible mark or figure made by puncturing the skin and
introducing some pigment into the punctures; -- a mode of
ornamentation practiced by various barbarous races, both in ancient
and modern times, and also by some among civilized nations,
especially by sailors.
