TERRACE
Ter"race, n. Etym: [F. terrasse (cf. Sp. terraza, It. terrazza), fr.
L. terra the earth, probably for tersa, originally meaning, dry land,
and akin to torrere to parch, E. torrid, and thirst. See Thirst, and
cf. Fumitory, Inter, v., Patterre, Terrier, Trass, Tureen, Turmeric.]

1. A raised level space, shelf, or platform of earth, supported on
one or more sides by a wall, a bank of tuft, or the like, whether
designed for use or pleasure.

2. A balcony, especially a large and uncovered one.

3. A flat roof to a house; as, the buildings of the Oriental nations
are covered with terraces.

4. A street, or a row of houses, on a bank or the side of a hill;
hence, any street, or row of houses.

5. (Geol.)

Defn: A level plain, usually with a steep front, bordering a river, a
lake, or sometimes the sea.

Note: Many rivers are bordered by a series of terraces at different
levels, indicating the flood plains at successive periods in their
history. Terrace epoch. (Geol.) See Drift epoch, under Drift, a.
TERRACE

=====
Ter"race, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Terraced; p. pr. & vb. n. Terracing.]

Defn: To form into a terrace or terraces; to furnish with a terrace
or terraces, as, to terrace a garden, or a building. Sir H. Wotton.
Clermont's terraced height, and Esher's groves. Thomson.

=====
Ter"race, n. Etym: [F. terrasse (cf. Sp. terraza, It. terrazza), fr.
L. terra the earth, probably for tersa, originally meaning, dry land,
and akin to torrere to parch, E. torrid, and thirst. See Thirst, and
cf. Fumitory, Inter, v., Patterre, Terrier, Trass, Tureen, Turmeric.]

1. A raised level space, shelf, or platform of earth, supported on
one or more sides by a wall, a bank of tuft, or the like, whether
designed for use or pleasure.

2. A balcony, especially a large and uncovered one.

3. A flat roof to a house; as, the buildings of the Oriental nations
are covered with terraces.

4. A street, or a row of houses, on a bank or the side of a hill;
hence, any street, or row of houses.

5. (Geol.)

Defn: A level plain, usually with a steep front, bordering a river, a
lake, or sometimes the sea.

Note: Many rivers are bordered by a series of terraces at different
levels, indicating the flood plains at successive periods in their
history. Terrace epoch. (Geol.) See Drift epoch, under Drift, a.

=====
Ter"race, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Terraced; p. pr. & vb. n. Terracing.]

Defn: To form into a terrace or terraces; to furnish with a terrace
or terraces, as, to terrace a garden, or a building. Sir H. Wotton.
Clermont's terraced height, and Esher's groves. Thomson.
