TERTIARY
Ter"ti*a*ry, a. Etym: [L. tertiarius containing a third part, fr.
tertius third: cf. F. tertiaire. See Tierce.]

1. Being of the third formation, order, or rank; third; as, a
tertiary use of a word. Trench.

2. (Chem.)

Defn: Possessing some quality in the third degree; having been
subjected to the substitution of three atoms or radicals; as, a
tertiary alcohol, amine, or salt. Cf. Primary, and Secondary.
(CH3)3C.OH.

3. (Geol.)

Defn: Later than, or subsequent to, the Secondary.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Growing on the innermost joint of a bird's wing; tertial; --
said of quills. Tertiary age. (Geol.) See under Age, 8.
 -- Tertiary color, a color produced by the mixture of two
secondaries. "The so-called tertiary colors are citrine, russet, and
olive." Fairholt.
 -- Tertiary period. (Geol.) (a) The first period of the age of
mammals, or of the Cenozoic era. (b) The rock formation of that
period; -- called also Tertiary formation. See the Chart of Geology.
 -- Tertiary syphilis (Med.), the third and last stage of syphilis,
in which it invades the bones and internal organs.
TERTIARY

=====
Ter"ti*a*ry, n.; pl. Tertiaries (.

1. (R. C. Ch.)

Defn: A member of the Third Order in any monastic system; as, the
Franciscan tertiaries; the Dominican tertiaries; the Carmelite
tertiaries. See Third Order, under Third. Addis & Arnold.

2. (Geol.)

Defn: The Tertiary era, period, or formation.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the quill feathers which are borne upon the basal joint
of the wing of a bird. See Illust. of Bird.

=====
Ter"ti*a*ry, a. Etym: [L. tertiarius containing a third part, fr.
tertius third: cf. F. tertiaire. See Tierce.]

1. Being of the third formation, order, or rank; third; as, a
tertiary use of a word. Trench.

2. (Chem.)

Defn: Possessing some quality in the third degree; having been
subjected to the substitution of three atoms or radicals; as, a
tertiary alcohol, amine, or salt. Cf. Primary, and Secondary.
(CH3)3C.OH.

3. (Geol.)

Defn: Later than, or subsequent to, the Secondary.

4. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Growing on the innermost joint of a bird's wing; tertial; --
said of quills. Tertiary age. (Geol.) See under Age, 8.
 -- Tertiary color, a color produced by the mixture of two
secondaries. "The so-called tertiary colors are citrine, russet, and
olive." Fairholt.
 -- Tertiary period. (Geol.) (a) The first period of the age of
mammals, or of the Cenozoic era. (b) The rock formation of that
period; -- called also Tertiary formation. See the Chart of Geology.
 -- Tertiary syphilis (Med.), the third and last stage of syphilis,
in which it invades the bones and internal organs.

=====
Ter"ti*a*ry, n.; pl. Tertiaries (.

1. (R. C. Ch.)

Defn: A member of the Third Order in any monastic system; as, the
Franciscan tertiaries; the Dominican tertiaries; the Carmelite
tertiaries. See Third Order, under Third. Addis & Arnold.

2. (Geol.)

Defn: The Tertiary era, period, or formation.

3. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the quill feathers which are borne upon the basal joint
of the wing of a bird. See Illust. of Bird.
