TEXT
Text, n. Etym: [F. texte, L. textus, texture, structure, context, fr.
texere, textum, to weave, construct, compose; cf. Gr. taksh to cut,
carve, make. Cf. Context, Mantle, n., Pretext, Tissue, Toil a snare.]

1. A discourse or composition on which a note or commentary is
written; the original words of an author, in distinction from a
paraphrase, annotation, or commentary. Chaucer.

2. (O. Eng. Law)

Defn: The four Gospels, by way of distinction or eminence. [R.]

3. A verse or passage of Scripture, especially one chosen as the
subject of a sermon, or in proof of a doctrine.
How oft, when Paul has served us with a text, Has Epictetus, Plato,
Tully, preached! Cowper.

4. Hence, anything chosen as the subject of an argument, literary
composition, or the like; topic; theme.

5. A style of writing in large characters; text-hand also, a kind of
type used in printing; as, German text. Text blindness. (Physiol.)
See Word blindness, under Word.
 -- Text letter, a large or capital letter. [Obs.] -- Text pen, a
kind of metallic pen used in engrossing, or in writing text-hand.
TEXT

=====
Text, v. t.

Defn: To write in large characters, as in text hand. [Obs.] Beau. &
Fl.

=====
Text, n. Etym: [F. texte, L. textus, texture, structure, context, fr.
texere, textum, to weave, construct, compose; cf. Gr. taksh to cut,
carve, make. Cf. Context, Mantle, n., Pretext, Tissue, Toil a snare.]

1. A discourse or composition on which a note or commentary is
written; the original words of an author, in distinction from a
paraphrase, annotation, or commentary. Chaucer.

2. (O. Eng. Law)

Defn: The four Gospels, by way of distinction or eminence. [R.]

3. A verse or passage of Scripture, especially one chosen as the
subject of a sermon, or in proof of a doctrine.
How oft, when Paul has served us with a text, Has Epictetus, Plato,
Tully, preached! Cowper.

4. Hence, anything chosen as the subject of an argument, literary
composition, or the like; topic; theme.

5. A style of writing in large characters; text-hand also, a kind of
type used in printing; as, German text. Text blindness. (Physiol.)
See Word blindness, under Word.
 -- Text letter, a large or capital letter. [Obs.] -- Text pen, a
kind of metallic pen used in engrossing, or in writing text-hand.

=====
Text, v. t.

Defn: To write in large characters, as in text hand. [Obs.] Beau. &
Fl.
