THREE
Three, a. Etym: [OE. þre, þreo, þri, AS. þri, masc., þreó, fem. and
neut.; akin to OFries. thre, OS. thria, threa, D. drie, G. drei, OHG.
dri, Icel. þrir, Dan. & Sw. tre, Goth. þreis, Lith. trys, Ir., Gael.
& W. tri, Russ. tri, L. tres, Gr. trei^s, Skr. tri. *301. Cf. 3d
Drilling, Tern, a., Third, Thirteen, Thirty, Tierce, Trey, Tri-,
Triad, Trinity, Tripod.]

Defn: One more than two; two and one. "I offer thee three things." 2
Sam. xxiv. 12.
Three solemn aisles approach the shrine. Keble.

Note: Three is often joined with other words, forming compounds
signifying divided into, composed of, or containing, three parts,
portions, organs, or the like; as, three-branched, three-capsuled,
three-celled, three-cleft, three-edged, three-foot, three-footed,
three-forked, three-grained, three-headed, three-legged, three-
mouthed, three-nooked, three-petaled, three-pronged, three-ribbed,
three-seeded, three-stringed, three-toed, and the like.
THREE

=====
Three, n.

1. The number greater by a unit than two; three units or objects.

2. A symbol representing three units, as 3 or iii. Rule of three.
(Arith.) See under Rule, n.

=====
Three, a. Etym: [OE. þre, þreo, þri, AS. þri, masc., þreó, fem. and
neut.; akin to OFries. thre, OS. thria, threa, D. drie, G. drei, OHG.
dri, Icel. þrir, Dan. & Sw. tre, Goth. þreis, Lith. trys, Ir., Gael.
& W. tri, Russ. tri, L. tres, Gr. trei^s, Skr. tri. *301. Cf. 3d
Drilling, Tern, a., Third, Thirteen, Thirty, Tierce, Trey, Tri-,
Triad, Trinity, Tripod.]

Defn: One more than two; two and one. "I offer thee three things." 2
Sam. xxiv. 12.
Three solemn aisles approach the shrine. Keble.

Note: Three is often joined with other words, forming compounds
signifying divided into, composed of, or containing, three parts,
portions, organs, or the like; as, three-branched, three-capsuled,
three-celled, three-cleft, three-edged, three-foot, three-footed,
three-forked, three-grained, three-headed, three-legged, three-
mouthed, three-nooked, three-petaled, three-pronged, three-ribbed,
three-seeded, three-stringed, three-toed, and the like.

=====
Three, n.

1. The number greater by a unit than two; three units or objects.

2. A symbol representing three units, as 3 or iii. Rule of three.
(Arith.) See under Rule, n.
