THRUSH
Thrush, n. Etym: [OE. þrusche, AS. þrysce; akin to OHG. drosca,
droscea, droscela, and E. throstle. Cf. Throstle.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of singing birds belonging to
Turdus and allied genera. They are noted for the sweetness of their
songs.

Note: Among the best-known European species are the song thrush or
throstle (Turdus musicus), the missel thrush (see under Missel), the
European redwing, and the blackbird. The most important American
species are the wood thrush (Turdus mustelinus), Wilson's thrush (T.
fuscescens), the hermit thrush (see under Hermit), Swainson's thrush
(T. Aliciæ), and the migratory thrush, or American robin (see Robin).

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of singing birds more or less
resembling the true thrushes in appearance or habits; as the
thunderbird and the American brown thrush (or thrasher). See Brown
thrush. Ant thrush. See Ant thrush, Breve, and Pitta.
 -- Babbling thrush, any one of numerous species of Asiatic timaline
birds; -- called also babbler.
 -- Fruit thrush, any species of bulbul.
 -- Shrike thrush. See under Shrike.
 -- Stone thrush, the missel thrush; -- said to be so called from its
marbled breast.
 -- Thrush nightingale. See Nightingale, 2.
 -- Thrush tit, any one of several species of Asiatic singing birds
of the genus Cochoa. They are beautifully colored birds allied to the
tits, but resembling thrushes in size and habits.
 -- Water thrush. (a) The European dipper. (b) An American warbler
(Seiurus Noveboracensis).
THRUSH

=====
Thrush, n. Etym: [Akin to Dan. tröske, Sw. trosk; cf. Dan. tör dry,
Sw. torr, Icel. , AS. , OE. thrust thrist, E. thrist.]

1. (Med.)

Defn: An affection of the mouth, fauces, etc., common in newly born
children, characterized by minute ulcers called aphthæ. See Aphthæ.

2. (Far.)

Defn: An inflammatory and suppurative affection of the feet in
certain animals. In the horse it is in the frog.

=====
Thrush, n. Etym: [OE. þrusche, AS. þrysce; akin to OHG. drosca,
droscea, droscela, and E. throstle. Cf. Throstle.]

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of singing birds belonging to
Turdus and allied genera. They are noted for the sweetness of their
songs.

Note: Among the best-known European species are the song thrush or
throstle (Turdus musicus), the missel thrush (see under Missel), the
European redwing, and the blackbird. The most important American
species are the wood thrush (Turdus mustelinus), Wilson's thrush (T.
fuscescens), the hermit thrush (see under Hermit), Swainson's thrush
(T. Aliciæ), and the migratory thrush, or American robin (see Robin).

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of numerous species of singing birds more or less
resembling the true thrushes in appearance or habits; as the
thunderbird and the American brown thrush (or thrasher). See Brown
thrush. Ant thrush. See Ant thrush, Breve, and Pitta.
 -- Babbling thrush, any one of numerous species of Asiatic timaline
birds; -- called also babbler.
 -- Fruit thrush, any species of bulbul.
 -- Shrike thrush. See under Shrike.
 -- Stone thrush, the missel thrush; -- said to be so called from its
marbled breast.
 -- Thrush nightingale. See Nightingale, 2.
 -- Thrush tit, any one of several species of Asiatic singing birds
of the genus Cochoa. They are beautifully colored birds allied to the
tits, but resembling thrushes in size and habits.
 -- Water thrush. (a) The European dipper. (b) An American warbler
(Seiurus Noveboracensis).

=====
Thrush, n. Etym: [Akin to Dan. tröske, Sw. trosk; cf. Dan. tör dry,
Sw. torr, Icel. , AS. , OE. thrust thrist, E. thrist.]

1. (Med.)

Defn: An affection of the mouth, fauces, etc., common in newly born
children, characterized by minute ulcers called aphthæ. See Aphthæ.

2. (Far.)

Defn: An inflammatory and suppurative affection of the feet in
certain animals. In the horse it is in the frog.
