TIERCE
Tierce, n. Etym: [F. tierce a third, from tiers, tierce, third, fr.
L. tertius the third; akin to tres three. See Third, Three, and cf.
Terce, Tercet, Tertiary.]

1. A cask whose content is one third of a pipe; that is, forty-two
wine gallons; also, a liquid measure of forty-two wine, or thirty-
five imperial, gallons.

2. A cask larger than a barrel, and smaller than a hogshead or a
puncheon, in which salt provisions, rice, etc., are packed for
shipment.

3. (Mus.)

Defn: The third tone of the scale. See Mediant.

4. A sequence of three playing cards of the same suit. Tierce of ace,
king, queen, is called tierce-major.

5. (Fencing)

Defn: A position in thrusting or parrying in which the wrist and
nails are turned downward.

6. (R. C. Ch.)

Defn: The third hour of the day, or nine a.m.; one of the canonical
hours; also, the service appointed for that hour.
TIERCE

=====
Tier*cé", a. Etym: [F.] (Her.)

Defn: Divided into three equal parts of three different tinctures; --
said of an escutcheon.

=====
Tierce, n. Etym: [F. tierce a third, from tiers, tierce, third, fr.
L. tertius the third; akin to tres three. See Third, Three, and cf.
Terce, Tercet, Tertiary.]

1. A cask whose content is one third of a pipe; that is, forty-two
wine gallons; also, a liquid measure of forty-two wine, or thirty-
five imperial, gallons.

2. A cask larger than a barrel, and smaller than a hogshead or a
puncheon, in which salt provisions, rice, etc., are packed for
shipment.

3. (Mus.)

Defn: The third tone of the scale. See Mediant.

4. A sequence of three playing cards of the same suit. Tierce of ace,
king, queen, is called tierce-major.

5. (Fencing)

Defn: A position in thrusting or parrying in which the wrist and
nails are turned downward.

6. (R. C. Ch.)

Defn: The third hour of the day, or nine a.m.; one of the canonical
hours; also, the service appointed for that hour.

=====
Tier*cé", a. Etym: [F.] (Her.)

Defn: Divided into three equal parts of three different tinctures; --
said of an escutcheon.
