TONIC
Ton"ic, a. Etym: [Cf. F. tonigue, Gr. Tone.]

1. Of or relating to tones or sounds; specifically (Phon.), applied
to, or distingshing, a speech sound made with tone unmixed and
undimmed by obstruction, such sounds, namely, the vowels and
diphthongs, being so called by Dr. James Rush (1833) " from their
forming the purest and most plastic material of intonation."

2. Of or pertaining to tension; increasing tension; hence, increasing
strength; as, tonic power.

3. (Med.)

Defn: Increasing strength, or the tone of the animal system;
obviating the effects of debility, and restoring heatly functions.
Tononic spasm. (Med.) See the Note under Spasm.
TONIC

=====
Ton"ic, n. Etym: [Cf. F. tonigue, NL. tonicum.]

1. (Phon.)

Defn: A tonic element or letter; a vowel or a diphthong.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: The key tone, or first tone of any scale.

3. (Med.)

Defn: A medicine that increases the srength, and gives vigor of
action to the system. Tonic sol-fa (Mus.), the name of the most
popular among letter systems of notation (at least in England), based
on key relationship, and hence called "tonic." Instead of the five
lines, clefs, signature, etc., of the usual notation, it employs
letters and the syllables do, re, mi, etc., variously modified, with
other simple signs of duration, of upper or lower octave, etc. See
Sol-fa.

=====
Ton"ic, a. Etym: [Cf. F. tonigue, Gr. Tone.]

1. Of or relating to tones or sounds; specifically (Phon.), applied
to, or distingshing, a speech sound made with tone unmixed and
undimmed by obstruction, such sounds, namely, the vowels and
diphthongs, being so called by Dr. James Rush (1833) " from their
forming the purest and most plastic material of intonation."

2. Of or pertaining to tension; increasing tension; hence, increasing
strength; as, tonic power.

3. (Med.)

Defn: Increasing strength, or the tone of the animal system;
obviating the effects of debility, and restoring heatly functions.
Tononic spasm. (Med.) See the Note under Spasm.

=====
Ton"ic, n. Etym: [Cf. F. tonigue, NL. tonicum.]

1. (Phon.)

Defn: A tonic element or letter; a vowel or a diphthong.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: The key tone, or first tone of any scale.

3. (Med.)

Defn: A medicine that increases the srength, and gives vigor of
action to the system. Tonic sol-fa (Mus.), the name of the most
popular among letter systems of notation (at least in England), based
on key relationship, and hence called "tonic." Instead of the five
lines, clefs, signature, etc., of the usual notation, it employs
letters and the syllables do, re, mi, etc., variously modified, with
other simple signs of duration, of upper or lower octave, etc. See
Sol-fa.
