TOPE
Tope, n. Etym: [Probably from Skr. stpa a tope, astupa, through
Prakrin tppo.]

Defn: A moundlike Buddhist sepulcher, or memorial monument. often
erected over a Buddhish relic.
TOPE

=====
Tope, n. Etym: [Tamil tppu.]

Defn: A grove or clumb of trees; as, a toddy tope. [India] Whitworth.
TOPE

=====
Tope, n.

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A small shark or dogfish (Galeorhinus, or Galeus, galeus),
native of Europe, but found also on the coasts of California and
Tasmania; -- called also toper, oil shark, miller's dog, and penny
dog.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: The wren. [Prov. Eng.]
TOPE

=====
Tope, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Toped; p. pr. & vb. n. Toping.] Etym: [F.
tôper to cover a stake in playing at dice, to accept an offer, tôpe
agreed !; -- perhaps imitative of the sound of striking hands on
concluding a bargain. From being used in English as a drinking term,
probably at first in accepting a toast.]

Defn: To drink hard or frequently; to drink strong or spiritous
liquors to excess.
If you tope in form, and treat. Dryden.

=====
Tope, n. Etym: [Probably from Skr. stpa a tope, astupa, through
Prakrin tppo.]

Defn: A moundlike Buddhist sepulcher, or memorial monument. often
erected over a Buddhish relic.

=====
Tope, n. Etym: [Tamil tppu.]

Defn: A grove or clumb of trees; as, a toddy tope. [India] Whitworth.

=====
Tope, n.

1. (Zoöl.)

Defn: A small shark or dogfish (Galeorhinus, or Galeus, galeus),
native of Europe, but found also on the coasts of California and
Tasmania; -- called also toper, oil shark, miller's dog, and penny
dog.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: The wren. [Prov. Eng.]

=====
Tope, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Toped; p. pr. & vb. n. Toping.] Etym: [F.
tôper to cover a stake in playing at dice, to accept an offer, tôpe
agreed !; -- perhaps imitative of the sound of striking hands on
concluding a bargain. From being used in English as a drinking term,
probably at first in accepting a toast.]

Defn: To drink hard or frequently; to drink strong or spiritous
liquors to excess.
If you tope in form, and treat. Dryden.
