TORY
To"ry, n.; pl. Tories. Etym: [ Properly used of the Irish bogtrotters
who robbed and plundered during the English civil wars, professing to
be in sympathy with the royal cause; hence transferred to those who
sought to maintain the extreme prerogatives of the crown; probably
from Ir. toiridhe, tor, a pursuer; akin to Ir. & Gael. toir a
pursuit.]

1. (Eng.Politics)

Defn: A member of the conservative party, as opposed to the
progressive party which was formerly called the Whig, and is now
called the Liberal, party; an earnest supporter of exsisting royal
and ecclesiastical authority.

Note: The word Tory first occurs in English history in 1679, during
the struggle in Parliament occasioned by the introduction of the bill
for the exclusion of the duke of York from the line of succession,
and was applied by the advocates of the bill to its opponents as a
title of obloquy or contempt. The Tories subsequently took a broader
ground, and their leading principle became the maintenance of things
as they were. The name, however, has for several years ceased to
designate an existing party, but is rather applied to certain
traditional maxims of public policy. The political successors of the
Tories are now commonly known as Conservatives. New Am. Cyc.

2. (Amer. Hist.)

Defn: One who, in the time of the Revolution, favored submitting
tothe claims of Great Britain against the colonies; an adherent tothe
crown.
TORY

=====
To"ry, a.

Defn: Of ro pertaining to the Tories.

=====
To"ry, n.; pl. Tories. Etym: [ Properly used of the Irish bogtrotters
who robbed and plundered during the English civil wars, professing to
be in sympathy with the royal cause; hence transferred to those who
sought to maintain the extreme prerogatives of the crown; probably
from Ir. toiridhe, tor, a pursuer; akin to Ir. & Gael. toir a
pursuit.]

1. (Eng.Politics)

Defn: A member of the conservative party, as opposed to the
progressive party which was formerly called the Whig, and is now
called the Liberal, party; an earnest supporter of exsisting royal
and ecclesiastical authority.

Note: The word Tory first occurs in English history in 1679, during
the struggle in Parliament occasioned by the introduction of the bill
for the exclusion of the duke of York from the line of succession,
and was applied by the advocates of the bill to its opponents as a
title of obloquy or contempt. The Tories subsequently took a broader
ground, and their leading principle became the maintenance of things
as they were. The name, however, has for several years ceased to
designate an existing party, but is rather applied to certain
traditional maxims of public policy. The political successors of the
Tories are now commonly known as Conservatives. New Am. Cyc.

2. (Amer. Hist.)

Defn: One who, in the time of the Revolution, favored submitting
tothe claims of Great Britain against the colonies; an adherent tothe
crown.

=====
To"ry, a.

Defn: Of ro pertaining to the Tories.
