TRAITOR
Trai"tor, n. Etym: [OE. traitour, OF. traïtor, traïteur, F. treître,
L. traditor, fr. tradere, traditum, to deliver, to give up or
surrender treacherously, to betray; trans across, over + dare to
give. See Date time, and cf. Betray,Tradition, Traditor, Treason.]

1. One who violates his allegiance and betrays his country; one
guilty of treason; one who, in breach of trust, delivers his country
to an enemy, or yields up any fort or place intrusted to his defense,
or surrenders an army or body of troops to the enemy, unless when
vanquished; also, one who takes arms and levies war against his
country; or one who aids an enemy in conquering his country. See
Treason.
O passing traitor, perjured and unjust! Shak.

2. Hence, one who betrays any confidence or trust; a betrayer. "This
false traitor death." Chaucer.
TRAITOR

=====
Trai"tor, a.

Defn: Traitorous. [R.] Spenser. Pope.
TRAITOR

=====
Trai"tor, v. t.

Defn: To act the traitor toward; to betray; to deceive. [Obs.] " But
time, it traitors me." Lithgow.

=====
Trai"tor, n. Etym: [OE. traitour, OF. traïtor, traïteur, F. treître,
L. traditor, fr. tradere, traditum, to deliver, to give up or
surrender treacherously, to betray; trans across, over + dare to
give. See Date time, and cf. Betray,Tradition, Traditor, Treason.]

1. One who violates his allegiance and betrays his country; one
guilty of treason; one who, in breach of trust, delivers his country
to an enemy, or yields up any fort or place intrusted to his defense,
or surrenders an army or body of troops to the enemy, unless when
vanquished; also, one who takes arms and levies war against his
country; or one who aids an enemy in conquering his country. See
Treason.
O passing traitor, perjured and unjust! Shak.

2. Hence, one who betrays any confidence or trust; a betrayer. "This
false traitor death." Chaucer.

=====
Trai"tor, a.

Defn: Traitorous. [R.] Spenser. Pope.

=====
Trai"tor, v. t.

Defn: To act the traitor toward; to betray; to deceive. [Obs.] " But
time, it traitors me." Lithgow.
