TRANSLUCENT
Trans*lu"cent, a. Etym: [L. translucens, -entis, p. pr. of
translucere to shine through; trans across, through = lucere to
shine. See Lucid.]

1. Transmitting rays of light without permitting objects to be
distinctly seen; partially transparent.

2. Transparent; clear. [Poetic] "Fountain or fresh current . . .
translucent, pure." Milton.
Replenished from the cool, translucent springs. Pope.

Syn.
 -- Translucent, Transparent. A thing is translucent when it merely
admits the passage of light, without enabling us to distinguish the
color and outline of objects through it; it is transparent when we
can clearly discern objects placed on the other side of it. Glass,
water, etc., are transparent; ground glass is translucent; a
translucent style.

=====
Trans*lu"cent, a. Etym: [L. translucens, -entis, p. pr. of
translucere to shine through; trans across, through = lucere to
shine. See Lucid.]

1. Transmitting rays of light without permitting objects to be
distinctly seen; partially transparent.

2. Transparent; clear. [Poetic] "Fountain or fresh current . . .
translucent, pure." Milton.
Replenished from the cool, translucent springs. Pope.

Syn.
 -- Translucent, Transparent. A thing is translucent when it merely
admits the passage of light, without enabling us to distinguish the
color and outline of objects through it; it is transparent when we
can clearly discern objects placed on the other side of it. Glass,
water, etc., are transparent; ground glass is translucent; a
translucent style.
