TRANSLATION
Trans*la"tion, n. Etym: [F. translation, L. translatio a
transferring, translation, version. See Translate, and cf.
Tralation.]

1. The act of translating, removing, or transferring; removal; also,
the state of being translated or removed; as, the translation of
Enoch; the translation of a bishop.

2. The act of rendering into another language; interpretation; as,
the translation of idioms is difficult.

3. That which is obtained by translating something a version; as, a
translation of the Scriptures.

4. (Rhet.)

Defn: A transfer of meaning in a word or phrase, a metaphor; a
tralation. [Obs.] B. Jonson.

5. (Metaph.)

Defn: Transfer of meaning by association; association of ideas. A.
Tucker.

6. (Kinematics)

Defn: Motion in which all the points of the moving body have at any
instant the same velocity and direction of motion; -- opposed to
rotation.

=====
Trans*la"tion, n. Etym: [F. translation, L. translatio a
transferring, translation, version. See Translate, and cf.
Tralation.]

1. The act of translating, removing, or transferring; removal; also,
the state of being translated or removed; as, the translation of
Enoch; the translation of a bishop.

2. The act of rendering into another language; interpretation; as,
the translation of idioms is difficult.

3. That which is obtained by translating something a version; as, a
translation of the Scriptures.

4. (Rhet.)

Defn: A transfer of meaning in a word or phrase, a metaphor; a
tralation. [Obs.] B. Jonson.

5. (Metaph.)

Defn: Transfer of meaning by association; association of ideas. A.
Tucker.

6. (Kinematics)

Defn: Motion in which all the points of the moving body have at any
instant the same velocity and direction of motion; -- opposed to
rotation.
