TUNNEL
Tun"nel, n. . Etym: [F. tonnelle a semicircular, wagon-headed vault,
a tunnel net, an arbor, OF. also tonnel; dim. of tonne a tun; -- so
named from its resemblance to a tun in shape. See Ton.]

1. A vessel with a broad mouth at one end, a pipe or tube at the
other, for conveying liquor, fluids, etc., into casks, bottles, or
other vessels; a funnel.

2. The opening of a chimney for the passage of smoke; a flue; a
funnel.
And one great chimney, whose long tunnel thence The smoke forth
threw. Spenser.

3. An artificial passage or archway for conducting canals or
railroads under elevated ground, for the formation of roads under
rivers or canals, and the construction of sewers, drains, and the
like.

4. (Mining)

Defn: A level passage driven across the measures, or at right angles
to veins which it is desired to reach; -- distinguished from the
drift, or gangway, which is led along the vein when reached by the
tunnel. Tunnel head (Metal.), the top of a smelting furnace where the
materials are put in.
 -- Tunnel kiln, a limekiln in which coal is burned, as distinguished
from a flame kiln, in which wood or peat is used.
 -- Tunnel net, a net with a wide mouth at one end and narrow at the
other.
 -- Tunnel pit, Tunnel shaft, a pit or shaft sunk from the top of the
ground to the level of a tunnel, for drawing up the earth and stones,
for ventilation, lighting, and the like.
TUNNEL

=====
Tun"nel, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tunneled ( or Tunnelled; p. pr. & vb. n.
Tunneling or Tunnelling.]

1. To form into a tunnel, or funnel, or to form like a tunnel; as, to
tunnel fibrous plants into nests. Derham.

2
2

Defn: To catch in a tunnel net.

3. To make an opening, or a passageway, through or under; as, to
tunnel a mountain; to tunnel a river.
