TURMERIC
Tur"mer*ic, n. Etym: [F. terre-mérite, NL. terramerita, turmerica;
apparently meaning, excellent earth, but perhaps a corruption of Ar.
kurkum. Cf. Curcuma.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: An East Indian plant of the genus Curcuma, of the Ginger
family.

2. The root or rootstock of the Curcuma longa. It is externally
grayish, but internally of a deep, lively yellow or saffron color,
and has a slight aromatic smell, and a bitterish, slightly acrid
taste. It is used for a dye, a medicine, a condiment, and a chemical
test.
TURMERIC

=====
Tur"mer*ic, a. (Chem.)

Defn: Of or pertaining to turmeric; resembling, or obtained from,
turmeric; specif., designating an acid obtained by the oxidation of
turmerol. Turmeric paper (Chem.), paper impregnated with turmeric and
used as a test for alkaline substances, by which it is changed from
yellow to brown.
 -- Turmeric root. (Bot.) (a) Bloodroot. (b) Orangeroot.

=====
Tur"mer*ic, n. Etym: [F. terre-mérite, NL. terramerita, turmerica;
apparently meaning, excellent earth, but perhaps a corruption of Ar.
kurkum. Cf. Curcuma.]

1. (Bot.)

Defn: An East Indian plant of the genus Curcuma, of the Ginger
family.

2. The root or rootstock of the Curcuma longa. It is externally
grayish, but internally of a deep, lively yellow or saffron color,
and has a slight aromatic smell, and a bitterish, slightly acrid
taste. It is used for a dye, a medicine, a condiment, and a chemical
test.

=====
Tur"mer*ic, a. (Chem.)

Defn: Of or pertaining to turmeric; resembling, or obtained from,
turmeric; specif., designating an acid obtained by the oxidation of
turmerol. Turmeric paper (Chem.), paper impregnated with turmeric and
used as a test for alkaline substances, by which it is changed from
yellow to brown.
 -- Turmeric root. (Bot.) (a) Bloodroot. (b) Orangeroot.
