TYMPANUM
Tym"pa*num, n.; pl. E. Tympanums, L. Tympana. Etym: [L., a
kettledrum, a drum or wheel in machines, the triangular area in a
pediment, the panel of a door, Gr. Type, and cf. Timbrel.]

1. (Anat.)
(a) The ear drum, or middle ear. Sometimes applied incorrectly to the
tympanic membrane. See Ear.
(b) A chamber in the anterior part of the syrinx of birds.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the naked, inflatable air sacs on the neck of the
prairie chicken and other species of grouse.

3. (Arch.)
(a) The recessed face of a pediment within the frame made by the
upper and lower cornices, being usually a triangular space or table.
(b) The space within an arch, and above a lintel or a subordinate
arch, spanning the opening below the arch.

4. (Mech.)

Defn: A drum-shaped wheel with spirally curved partitions by which
water is raised to the axis when the wheel revolves with the lower
part of the circumference submerged, -- used for raising water, as
for irrigation.

=====
Tym"pa*num, n.; pl. E. Tympanums, L. Tympana. Etym: [L., a
kettledrum, a drum or wheel in machines, the triangular area in a
pediment, the panel of a door, Gr. Type, and cf. Timbrel.]

1. (Anat.)
(a) The ear drum, or middle ear. Sometimes applied incorrectly to the
tympanic membrane. See Ear.
(b) A chamber in the anterior part of the syrinx of birds.

2. (Zoöl.)

Defn: One of the naked, inflatable air sacs on the neck of the
prairie chicken and other species of grouse.

3. (Arch.)
(a) The recessed face of a pediment within the frame made by the
upper and lower cornices, being usually a triangular space or table.
(b) The space within an arch, and above a lintel or a subordinate
arch, spanning the opening below the arch.

4. (Mech.)

Defn: A drum-shaped wheel with spirally curved partitions by which
water is raised to the axis when the wheel revolves with the lower
part of the circumference submerged, -- used for raising water, as
for irrigation.
