UNISON
U"ni*son, n. Etym: [LL. unisonus having the same sound; L. unus one +
sonus a sound: cf. F. unisson, It. unisono. See One, and Sound a
noise.]

1. Harmony; agreement; concord; union.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: Identity in pitch; coincidence of sounds proceeding from an
equality in the number of vibrations made in a given time by two or
more sonorous bodies. Parts played or sung in octaves are also said
to be in unison, or in octaves.

Note: If two cords of the same substance have equal length,
thickness, and tension, they are said to be in unison, and their
sounds will be in unison. Sounds of very different qualities and
force may be in unison, as the sound of a bell may be in unison with
a sound of a flute. Unison, then, consists in identity of pitch
alone, irrespective of quality of sound, or timbre, whether of
instruments or of human voices. A piece or passage is said to be sung
or played in unison when all the voices or instruments perform the
same part, in which sense unison is contradistinguished from harmony.

3. A single, unvaried. [R.] Pope. In unison, in agreement; agreeing
in tone; in concord.
UNISON

=====
U"ni*son, a. Etym: [Cf. It. unisono. See Unison, n.]

1. Sounding alone. [Obs.]
[sounds] intermixed with voice, Choral or unison. Milton.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: Sounded alike in pitch; unisonant; unisonous; as, unison
passages, in which two or more parts unite in coincident sound.

=====
U"ni*son, n. Etym: [LL. unisonus having the same sound; L. unus one +
sonus a sound: cf. F. unisson, It. unisono. See One, and Sound a
noise.]

1. Harmony; agreement; concord; union.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: Identity in pitch; coincidence of sounds proceeding from an
equality in the number of vibrations made in a given time by two or
more sonorous bodies. Parts played or sung in octaves are also said
to be in unison, or in octaves.

Note: If two cords of the same substance have equal length,
thickness, and tension, they are said to be in unison, and their
sounds will be in unison. Sounds of very different qualities and
force may be in unison, as the sound of a bell may be in unison with
a sound of a flute. Unison, then, consists in identity of pitch
alone, irrespective of quality of sound, or timbre, whether of
instruments or of human voices. A piece or passage is said to be sung
or played in unison when all the voices or instruments perform the
same part, in which sense unison is contradistinguished from harmony.

3. A single, unvaried. [R.] Pope. In unison, in agreement; agreeing
in tone; in concord.

=====
U"ni*son, a. Etym: [Cf. It. unisono. See Unison, n.]

1. Sounding alone. [Obs.]
[sounds] intermixed with voice, Choral or unison. Milton.

2. (Mus.)

Defn: Sounded alike in pitch; unisonant; unisonous; as, unison
passages, in which two or more parts unite in coincident sound.
