VANQUISH
Van"quish, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Vanquished; p. pr. & vb. n.
Vanquishing.] Etym: [OE. venquishen, venquissen, venkisen,F. vaincre,
pret. vainquis, OF. veintre, pret. venqui, venquis (cf. an OF. infin.
vainquir), fr. L. vincere; akin to AS. wig war, battle, wigant a
warrior, wigan to fight, Icel. vig battle, Goth. weihan to fight,
contend. Cf. Convince, Evict, Invincible, Victor.]

1. To conquer, overcome, or subdue in battle, as an enemy. Hakluyt.
They . . . Vanquished the rebels in all encounters. Clarendon.

2. Hence, to defeat in any contest; to get the better of; to put
down; to refute.
This bold assertion has been fully vanquished in a late reply to the
Bishop of Meaux's treatise. Atterbury.
For e'en though vanquished, he could argue still. Goldsmith.

Syn.
 -- To conquer; surmount; overcome; confute; silence. See Conquer.
VANQUISH

=====
Van"quish, n. (Far.)

Defn: A disease in sheep, in which they pine away. [Written also
vinquish.]

=====
Van"quish, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Vanquished; p. pr. & vb. n.
Vanquishing.] Etym: [OE. venquishen, venquissen, venkisen,F. vaincre,
pret. vainquis, OF. veintre, pret. venqui, venquis (cf. an OF. infin.
vainquir), fr. L. vincere; akin to AS. wig war, battle, wigant a
warrior, wigan to fight, Icel. vig battle, Goth. weihan to fight,
contend. Cf. Convince, Evict, Invincible, Victor.]

1. To conquer, overcome, or subdue in battle, as an enemy. Hakluyt.
They . . . Vanquished the rebels in all encounters. Clarendon.

2. Hence, to defeat in any contest; to get the better of; to put
down; to refute.
This bold assertion has been fully vanquished in a late reply to the
Bishop of Meaux's treatise. Atterbury.
For e'en though vanquished, he could argue still. Goldsmith.

Syn.
 -- To conquer; surmount; overcome; confute; silence. See Conquer.

=====
Van"quish, n. (Far.)

Defn: A disease in sheep, in which they pine away. [Written also
vinquish.]
