VENGEANCE
Venge"ance, n. Etym: [F. vengeance, fr. venger to avenge, L.
vindicare to lay claim to, defend, avenge, fr. vindex a claimant,
defender, avenger, the first part of which is of uncertain origin,
and the last part akin to dicere to say. See Diction, and cf. Avenge,
Revenge, Vindicate.]

1. Punishment inflicted in return for an injury or an offense;
retribution; -- often, in a bad sense, passionate or unrestrained
revenge.
To me belongeth vengeance and recompense. Deut. xxxii. 35.
To execute fierce vengeance on his foes. Milton.

2. Harm; mischief. [Obs.] Shak. What a vengeance, or What the
vengeance, what! -- emphatically. [Obs.] "But what a vengeance makes
thee fly!" Hudibras. "What the vengeance! Could he not speak 'em
fair" Shak.
 -- With a vengeance, with great violence; as, to strike with a
vengeance. [Colloq.]

=====
Venge"ance, n. Etym: [F. vengeance, fr. venger to avenge, L.
vindicare to lay claim to, defend, avenge, fr. vindex a claimant,
defender, avenger, the first part of which is of uncertain origin,
and the last part akin to dicere to say. See Diction, and cf. Avenge,
Revenge, Vindicate.]

1. Punishment inflicted in return for an injury or an offense;
retribution; -- often, in a bad sense, passionate or unrestrained
revenge.
To me belongeth vengeance and recompense. Deut. xxxii. 35.
To execute fierce vengeance on his foes. Milton.

2. Harm; mischief. [Obs.] Shak. What a vengeance, or What the
vengeance, what! -- emphatically. [Obs.] "But what a vengeance makes
thee fly!" Hudibras. "What the vengeance! Could he not speak 'em
fair" Shak.
 -- With a vengeance, with great violence; as, to strike with a
vengeance. [Colloq.]
