VIOL
Vi"ol, n. Etym: [F. viole; cf. Pr. viola, viula, Sp., Pg., & It.
viola, LL. vitula; of uncertain origin; perhaps from L. vitulari to
celebrate a festival, keep holiday, be joyful, perhaps originally, to
sacrifice a calf (vitulus; cf. Veal). Cf. Fiddle, Vielle, 2d Viola,
Violin.]

1. (Mus.)

Defn: A stringed musical instrument formerly in use, of the same form
as the violin, but larger, and having six strings, to be struck with
a bow, and the neck furnished with frets for stopping the strings.
Me softer airs befit, and softer strings Of lute, or viol still, more
apt for mournful things. Milton.

Note: The name is now applied as a general term to designate
instruments of the violin kind, as tenor viol, bass viol, etc.

2. (Naut.)

Defn: A large rope sometimes used in weighing anchor. [Written also
voyal, and voyal.] Totten.

=====
Vi"ol, n. Etym: [F. viole; cf. Pr. viola, viula, Sp., Pg., & It.
viola, LL. vitula; of uncertain origin; perhaps from L. vitulari to
celebrate a festival, keep holiday, be joyful, perhaps originally, to
sacrifice a calf (vitulus; cf. Veal). Cf. Fiddle, Vielle, 2d Viola,
Violin.]

1. (Mus.)

Defn: A stringed musical instrument formerly in use, of the same form
as the violin, but larger, and having six strings, to be struck with
a bow, and the neck furnished with frets for stopping the strings.
Me softer airs befit, and softer strings Of lute, or viol still, more
apt for mournful things. Milton.

Note: The name is now applied as a general term to designate
instruments of the violin kind, as tenor viol, bass viol, etc.

2. (Naut.)

Defn: A large rope sometimes used in weighing anchor. [Written also
voyal, and voyal.] Totten.
