VOLUBLE
Vol"u*ble, a. Etym: [L. volubilis, fr. volvere, volutum, to roll, to
turn round; akin to Gr. welle a wave: cf. F. voluble. Cf. F. Well of
water, Convolvulus, Devolve, Involve, Revolt, Vault an arch, Volume,
Volute.]

1. Easily rolling or turning; easily set in motion; apt to roll;
rotating; as, voluble particles of matter.

2. Moving with ease and smoothness in uttering words; of rapid
speech; nimble in speaking; glib; as, a flippant, voluble, tongue.
[Cassio,] a knave very voluble. Shak.

Note: Voluble was used formerly to indicate readiness of speech
merely, without any derogatory suggestion. "A grave and voluble
eloquence." Bp. Hacket.

3. Changeable; unstable; fickle. [Obs.]

4. (Bot.)

Defn: Having the power or habit of turning or twining; as, the
voluble stem of hop plants. Voluble stem (Bot.), a stem that climbs
by winding, or twining, round another body.
 -- Vol"u*ble*ness, n.
 -- Vol"u*bly, adv.

=====
Vol"u*ble, a. Etym: [L. volubilis, fr. volvere, volutum, to roll, to
turn round; akin to Gr. welle a wave: cf. F. voluble. Cf. F. Well of
water, Convolvulus, Devolve, Involve, Revolt, Vault an arch, Volume,
Volute.]

1. Easily rolling or turning; easily set in motion; apt to roll;
rotating; as, voluble particles of matter.

2. Moving with ease and smoothness in uttering words; of rapid
speech; nimble in speaking; glib; as, a flippant, voluble, tongue.
[Cassio,] a knave very voluble. Shak.

Note: Voluble was used formerly to indicate readiness of speech
merely, without any derogatory suggestion. "A grave and voluble
eloquence." Bp. Hacket.

3. Changeable; unstable; fickle. [Obs.]

4. (Bot.)

Defn: Having the power or habit of turning or twining; as, the
voluble stem of hop plants. Voluble stem (Bot.), a stem that climbs
by winding, or twining, round another body.
 -- Vol"u*ble*ness, n.
 -- Vol"u*bly, adv.
