VOLUNTEER
Vol`un*teer", n. Etym: [F. volontaire. See Voluntary, a.]

1. One who enters into, or offers for, any service of his own free
will.

2. (Mil.)

Defn: One who enters into service voluntarily, but who, when in
service, is subject to discipline and regulations like other
soldiers; -- opposed to conscript; specifically, a voluntary member
of the organized militia of a country as distinguished from the
standing army.

3. (Law)

Defn: A grantee in a voluntary conveyance; one to whom a conveyance
is made without valuable consideration; a party, other than a wife or
child of the grantor, to whom, or for whose benefit, a voluntary
conveyance is made. Burrill.
VOLUNTEER

=====
Vol`un*teer", a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a volunteer or volunteers; consisting of
volunteers; voluntary; as, volunteer companies; volunteer advice.
VOLUNTEER

=====
Vol`un*teer", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Volunteered; p. pr. & vb. n.
Volunteering.]

Defn: To offer or bestow voluntarily, or without solicitation or
compulsion; as, to volunteer one's services.
VOLUNTEER

=====
Vol`un*teer", v. i.

Defn: To enter into, or offer for, any service of one's own free
will, without solicitation or compulsion; as, he volunteered in that
undertaking.

=====
Vol`un*teer", n. Etym: [F. volontaire. See Voluntary, a.]

1. One who enters into, or offers for, any service of his own free
will.

2. (Mil.)

Defn: One who enters into service voluntarily, but who, when in
service, is subject to discipline and regulations like other
soldiers; -- opposed to conscript; specifically, a voluntary member
of the organized militia of a country as distinguished from the
standing army.

3. (Law)

Defn: A grantee in a voluntary conveyance; one to whom a conveyance
is made without valuable consideration; a party, other than a wife or
child of the grantor, to whom, or for whose benefit, a voluntary
conveyance is made. Burrill.

=====
Vol`un*teer", a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a volunteer or volunteers; consisting of
volunteers; voluntary; as, volunteer companies; volunteer advice.

=====
Vol`un*teer", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Volunteered; p. pr. & vb. n.
Volunteering.]

Defn: To offer or bestow voluntarily, or without solicitation or
compulsion; as, to volunteer one's services.

=====
Vol`un*teer", v. i.

Defn: To enter into, or offer for, any service of one's own free
will, without solicitation or compulsion; as, he volunteered in that
undertaking.
