VOWEL
Vow"el, n. Etym: [F. voyelle, or an OF. form without y, L. vocalis
(sc. littera), from vocalis sounding, from vox, vocis, a voice,
sound. See Vocal.] (Phon.)

Defn: A vocal, or sometimes a whispered, sound modified by resonance
in the oral passage, the peculiar resonance in each case giving to
each several vowel its distinctive character or quality as a sound of
speech; -- distinguished from a consonant in that the latter, whether
made with or without vocality, derives its character in every case
from some kind of obstructive action by the mouth organs. Also, a
letter or character which represents such a sound. See Guide to
Pronunciation, §§ 5, 146-149.

Note: In the English language, the written vowels are a, e, i, o, u,
and sometimes w and y. The spoken vowels are much more numerous.
Close vowel. See under Close, a.
 -- Vowel point. See under Point, n.
VOWEL

=====
Vow"el, a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a vowel; vocal.

=====
Vow"el, n. Etym: [F. voyelle, or an OF. form without y, L. vocalis
(sc. littera), from vocalis sounding, from vox, vocis, a voice,
sound. See Vocal.] (Phon.)

Defn: A vocal, or sometimes a whispered, sound modified by resonance
in the oral passage, the peculiar resonance in each case giving to
each several vowel its distinctive character or quality as a sound of
speech; -- distinguished from a consonant in that the latter, whether
made with or without vocality, derives its character in every case
from some kind of obstructive action by the mouth organs. Also, a
letter or character which represents such a sound. See Guide to
Pronunciation, §§ 5, 146-149.

Note: In the English language, the written vowels are a, e, i, o, u,
and sometimes w and y. The spoken vowels are much more numerous.
Close vowel. See under Close, a.
 -- Vowel point. See under Point, n.

=====
Vow"el, a.

Defn: Of or pertaining to a vowel; vocal.
