WALNUT
Wal"nut, n. Etym: [OE. walnot, AS. wealh-hnutu a Welsh or foreign
nut, a walnut; wealh foreign, strange, n., a Welshman, Celt (akin to
OHG. Walh, properly, a Celt, from the name of a Celtic tribe, in L.
Volcae) + hnutu a nut; akin to D. walnoot, G. walnuss, Icel. valhnot,
Sw. valnöt, Dan valnöd. See Nut, and cf. Welsh.] (Bot.)

Defn: The fruit or nut of any tree of the genus Juglans; also, the
tree, and its timber. The seven or eight known species are all
natives of the north temperate zone.

Note: In some parts of America, especially in New England, the name
walnut is given to several species of hickory (Carya), and their
fruit. Ash-leaved walnut, a tree (Juglans fraxinifolia), native in
Transcaucasia.
 -- Black walnut, a North American tree (J. nigra) valuable for its
purplish brown wood, which is extensively used in cabinetwork and for
gunstocks. The nuts are thick-shelled, and nearly globular.
 -- English, or European, walnut, a tree (J. regia), native of Asia
from the Caucasus to Japan, valuable for its timber and for its
excellent nuts, which are also called Madeira nuts.
 -- Walnut brown, a deep warm brown color, like that of the heartwood
of the black walnut.
 -- Walnut oil, oil extracted from walnut meats. It is used in
cooking, making soap, etc.
 -- White walnut, a North American tree (J. cinerea), bearing long,
oval, thick-shelled, oily nuts, commonly called butternuts. See
Butternut.

=====
Wal"nut, n. Etym: [OE. walnot, AS. wealh-hnutu a Welsh or foreign
nut, a walnut; wealh foreign, strange, n., a Welshman, Celt (akin to
OHG. Walh, properly, a Celt, from the name of a Celtic tribe, in L.
Volcae) + hnutu a nut; akin to D. walnoot, G. walnuss, Icel. valhnot,
Sw. valnöt, Dan valnöd. See Nut, and cf. Welsh.] (Bot.)

Defn: The fruit or nut of any tree of the genus Juglans; also, the
tree, and its timber. The seven or eight known species are all
natives of the north temperate zone.

Note: In some parts of America, especially in New England, the name
walnut is given to several species of hickory (Carya), and their
fruit. Ash-leaved walnut, a tree (Juglans fraxinifolia), native in
Transcaucasia.
 -- Black walnut, a North American tree (J. nigra) valuable for its
purplish brown wood, which is extensively used in cabinetwork and for
gunstocks. The nuts are thick-shelled, and nearly globular.
 -- English, or European, walnut, a tree (J. regia), native of Asia
from the Caucasus to Japan, valuable for its timber and for its
excellent nuts, which are also called Madeira nuts.
 -- Walnut brown, a deep warm brown color, like that of the heartwood
of the black walnut.
 -- Walnut oil, oil extracted from walnut meats. It is used in
cooking, making soap, etc.
 -- White walnut, a North American tree (J. cinerea), bearing long,
oval, thick-shelled, oily nuts, commonly called butternuts. See
Butternut.
