WE
We, pron.; pl. of I. [Poss. Our (our) or Ours (; obj. Us (. See I.]
Etym: [As. w; akin to OS. wi, OFries. & LG. wi, D. wij, G. wir, Icel.
v, Sw. & Dan. vi, Goth. weis, Skr. vayam. sq. root190.]

Defn: The plural nominative case of the pronoun of the first person;
the word with which a person in speaking or writing denotes a number
or company of which he is one, as the subject of an action expressed
by a verb.

Note: We is frequently used to express men in general, including the
speaker. We is also often used by individuals, as authors, editors,
etc., in speaking of themselves, in order to avoid the appearance of
egotism in the too frequent repetition of the pronoun I. The plural
style is also in use among kings and other sovereigns, and is said to
have been begun by King John of England. Before that time, monarchs
used the singular number in their edicts. The German and the French
sovereigns followed the example of King John in a. d. 1200.

=====
We, pron.; pl. of I. [Poss. Our (our) or Ours (; obj. Us (. See I.]
Etym: [As. w; akin to OS. wi, OFries. & LG. wi, D. wij, G. wir, Icel.
v, Sw. & Dan. vi, Goth. weis, Skr. vayam. sq. root190.]

Defn: The plural nominative case of the pronoun of the first person;
the word with which a person in speaking or writing denotes a number
or company of which he is one, as the subject of an action expressed
by a verb.

Note: We is frequently used to express men in general, including the
speaker. We is also often used by individuals, as authors, editors,
etc., in speaking of themselves, in order to avoid the appearance of
egotism in the too frequent repetition of the pronoun I. The plural
style is also in use among kings and other sovereigns, and is said to
have been begun by King John of England. Before that time, monarchs
used the singular number in their edicts. The German and the French
sovereigns followed the example of King John in a. d. 1200.
