WINCE
Wince, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Winced; p. pr. & vb. n. Wincing.] Etym:
[OE. wincen, winchen, OF. quencir, guenchir, guenchier, giencier,
guinchier, and (assumed) winchier, winchir, to give way, to turn
aside, fr. OHG. wankjan, wenken, to give way, to waver, fr. winchan
to turn aside, to nod, akin to E. wink. See Wink.]

1. To shrink, as from a blow, or from pain; to flinch; to start back.
I will not stir, nor wince, nor speak a word. Shak.

2. To kick or flounce when unsteady, or impatient at a rider; as, a
horse winces.
WINCE

=====
Wince, n.

Defn: The act of one who winces.
WINCE

=====
Wince, n. Etym: [See Winch.] (Dyeing & Calico Printing)

Defn: A reel used in dyeing, steeping, or washing cloth; a winch. It
is placed over the division wall between two wince pits so as to
allow the cloth to descend into either compartment. at will. Wince
pit, Wince pot, a tank or a pit where cloth in the process of dyeing
or manufacture is washed, dipped in a mordant, or the like.

=====
Wince, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Winced; p. pr. & vb. n. Wincing.] Etym:
[OE. wincen, winchen, OF. quencir, guenchir, guenchier, giencier,
guinchier, and (assumed) winchier, winchir, to give way, to turn
aside, fr. OHG. wankjan, wenken, to give way, to waver, fr. winchan
to turn aside, to nod, akin to E. wink. See Wink.]

1. To shrink, as from a blow, or from pain; to flinch; to start back.
I will not stir, nor wince, nor speak a word. Shak.

2. To kick or flounce when unsteady, or impatient at a rider; as, a
horse winces.

=====
Wince, n.

Defn: The act of one who winces.

=====
Wince, n. Etym: [See Winch.] (Dyeing & Calico Printing)

Defn: A reel used in dyeing, steeping, or washing cloth; a winch. It
is placed over the division wall between two wince pits so as to
allow the cloth to descend into either compartment. at will. Wince
pit, Wince pot, a tank or a pit where cloth in the process of dyeing
or manufacture is washed, dipped in a mordant, or the like.
