WINDLASS
Wind"lass, n.Etym: [Perhaps from wind to turn + lace.]

Defn: A winding and circuitous way; a roundabout course; a shift.
WINDLASS

=====
Wind"lass, v. i.

Defn: To take a roundabout course; to work warily or by indirect
means. [Obs.] Hammond.
WINDLASS

=====
Wind"lass, n. Etym: [OE. windelas, windas, Icel. vindilass, vindas,
fr. vinda to wind + ass a pole; cf. Goth. ans a beam. See Wind to
turn.]

1. A machine for raising weights, consisting of a horizontal cylinder
or roller moving on its axis, and turned by a crank, lever, or
similar means, so as to wind up a rope or chain attached to the
weight. In vessels the windlass is often used instead of the capstan
for raising the anchor. It is usually set upon the forecastle, and is
worked by hand or steam.

2. An apparatus resembling a winch or windlass, for bending the bow
of an arblast, or crossbow. [Obs.] Shak. Chinese windlass. See
Differential windlass, under Differential.
WINDLASS

=====
Wind"lass, v. t. & i.

Defn: To raise with, or as with, a windlass; to use a windlass. The
Century.

=====
Wind"lass, n.Etym: [Perhaps from wind to turn + lace.]

Defn: A winding and circuitous way; a roundabout course; a shift.

=====
Wind"lass, v. i.

Defn: To take a roundabout course; to work warily or by indirect
means. [Obs.] Hammond.

=====
Wind"lass, n. Etym: [OE. windelas, windas, Icel. vindilass, vindas,
fr. vinda to wind + ass a pole; cf. Goth. ans a beam. See Wind to
turn.]

1. A machine for raising weights, consisting of a horizontal cylinder
or roller moving on its axis, and turned by a crank, lever, or
similar means, so as to wind up a rope or chain attached to the
weight. In vessels the windlass is often used instead of the capstan
for raising the anchor. It is usually set upon the forecastle, and is
worked by hand or steam.

2. An apparatus resembling a winch or windlass, for bending the bow
of an arblast, or crossbow. [Obs.] Shak. Chinese windlass. See
Differential windlass, under Differential.

=====
Wind"lass, v. t. & i.

Defn: To raise with, or as with, a windlass; to use a windlass. The
Century.
